There is only one truth. God.

You're God?

Why are you God? I don't understand.

You're dead, aren't you? A dead human.

Somebody like that can't be God, can they?

I realized that I had no need for a body.

To die is merely to abandon the flesh.

I don't need to stay here.

I caused the protocol that governs the Wired to evolve.

But a protocol is just an agreement.

There is compressed information mixed into the protocol.

What does that mean?

I can live forever as an anonymous entity in the Wired, and will be able to rule it with information.

There is no God.

Even if I were an omnipresent being and could influence others, with no one to worship me, I am no god.

You no longer need a body, Lain.

That's a lie!

Talk about lame!

Why is this happening? Was it something I did?

I always tried to keep something like this from happening.

I always tried not to say anything weird.

Can it be true? I'm not supposed to have a body?

You're not needed in the real world.

You're now free to become anything you want.

I wasn't given permission to say goodbye, but I loved you.

Maybe I envied a being like you.

Wait!

Don't leave me alone!

Alone? You're not alone.

If you connect to the Wired, everyone will welcome you.

I'm not alone.

This is your world, Lain.

They've used that invisible human network, the collective unconscious, since long before the Wired was born.

What do you want to do, Lain?

The Wired's God is a god because He has worshipers.

Why did you do it?

But why?

The Wired can't be allowed to be a special world.

You can't be allowed to exist in the Wired, either.

But here you are, safe and sound.

Some god or whatever must be protecting you.

We have no need for gods.

We still haven't figured out what you are. But I love you.

Love certainly is a strange emotion, isn't it?

If only one believer remains, I can still be a god.

It's because of me that you can stay yourself.

The real world's Iwakura Lain is merely a hologram of her. A homunculus of artificial ribosomes.

You never had a body to begin with.

That isn't another you. It's the real you.