I had no idea the world was this simple.

I always thought the world was such a big and scary place, but once you figure it out, it's all so easy.

You should just rewrite bad memories.

People only have substance within the memories of others.

here weren't a lot of me's, I was just inside all sorts of people, that's all.

You know, I... I kissed an angel.

Protocol Seven is expected to allow the seamless sharing of information between the Wired and the real world.

Let's all love Lain!

All the functions of the human body, without exception, can be put into words and described in materialistic terms.

The body is nothing but a machine.

If the physical limitations of the body restrict mankind's evolution, it would be as if the fall of the species called "man" had already been decided by a God that doesn't even exist.

The information etched inside humans isn't only that which they themselves have acquired as individuals.

If that information isn't shared, it's meaningless. Mere data.

Mankind can evolve. Evolve by their own power.

But to do that, they must first know what they truly are.

What do you think you are?

Originally, people were connected to each other. All I've done is to make things as they once were.

@dasfewf3t32 I thought you quit smoking.

Whether he had a body or not never mattered. It never mattered.

Do you hate me that much, Lain?

I didn't want to hurt you.

You were my friend, even without connecting with me, Arisu.

Connecting to me... And everyone...

I love you, Arisu.

Humans were originally connected at an unconscious level. I reconnected them, that's all.

It doesn't matter which is real, this side or the other.

I'm a program designed to destroy the barrier between the Wired and the real world.

The truth is, you don't need bodies.

You're wrong.

Your body's cold, but you're alive, Lain.

All sensations are caused by impulses in the brain. You just need to block the unpleasant impulses. Select only the happy, pleasant ones.

Lain? Who are you talking to?

If you really love her, why don't you connect with her?

You must have a bug.

What I don't understand is you, God.

It doesn't matter. With no body, you can't understand.

The Wired isn't an upper layer of the real world.

A body doesn't mean anything to you, right?