Toko: Professor Takashima, I have prepared the final reports for my current client. I thought that it might be a good idea to keep an appointment history, but because there seem to be have been so few problems, I did not keep one up till now. By next month I will prepare a final report with the appointment history. I don’t have much time until the academic conference this fall. May I please request this of you? As it is, I will not finish in time. Are you harassing me?
LainWhen you get sick in the head, your head is really sick?TokoThe brain isn’t the only part of the body involved in mental illness, but it is very important. We know that many types of disease occur because of trauma to the brain.LainWhen the brain is injured, something is broken?TokoThe human brain is very complex, and there are many things we don’t understand about it. We know that some parts of the brain seem to have a certain function. We know a little about where and when things take place in the brain.LainMemories are stored in the hippocampus.TokoYes. There is the frontal lobe and the occipital lobe, and there are many other parts of the brain that have different functions. Many chemical processes take place in the brain. When they do, a lot of information is exchanged.LainThat’s how the brain gets sick?TokoSometimes the brain does get sick that way. If there is an abnormal change in the brain’s chemical process, or if the parts of the brain responsible for processing information are physically damaged and not working properly, there could be disease. We call this kind of disease organic psychosis. Is this hard to understand?LainI understand. People have their brainwaves tested and have CAT scans to check for it.TokoAre they teaching you that at school already? Did you teach yourself?LainI checked it out on the Web. I had a test done before, and I was curious.TokoLain, if you’re doing all this research, you don’t have to see me.LainNo, it’s not like that. I learn a lot from you. It isn’t like the things I learn from books.TokoI’m sorry, Lain. I’m not feeling very well.LainIs there brain research at this research center?TokoYes.LainWhat kind of research?TokoI’m not a specialist and I don’t work in that area, so I can’t say anything specifically.LainBut it’s on the Web. All sorts of research takes place.TokoLain, can I ask you a favor? I’m not feeling very well. Can we end for today?LainI’m sorry, Toko-san.
Lain: I’ve been going to the library alone to read books. It’s depressing. But its better than spending free time at school alone. I have to distract myself with books.
Lain: Today I think I felt the way a person feels when she wants to die. I was placed in the same class as Kyoko-chan. I used to think that I would never feel badly facing Kyoko-chan again, but I became the person I used to be as soon as I saw her. Kyoko-chan walked past me as if I wasn’t there and started talking to other kids. I’m sure she talks about me a lot. It can’t be helped. It’s true that I’m the depressing, strange kid who misses school. I want to move to another school, too. I want to disappear.
LainSavant syndrome?Am I sick?ToukoI didn't say it's about you, Lain.Only that there are people who suffer from that sickness.LainIf it's not about me…then why are talking about it?ToukoThere are other children who may learn from your example.LainI'm only myself.Not other children.ToukoThat's true!I'm sorry, Lain.What's wrong, Lain?LainWhy are you calling me Lain?Who are you?
Toko: It is becoming spring like. Lain will start eighth grade today. She’s hallucinating less often now and has settled down some.  She seems to be feeling better. I sometimes wonder if my counseling is helping her. We’ve talked about many things, but in the short time I’ve known her, she’s grown intellectually by leaps and bounds. Sometimes she asks me questions during our sessions that shock me because they are so sharp. Sometimes I feel like I’m the client, not the other way around. Maybe I’m worrying about it too much. Your client is feeling better, Toko. You should be glad.

Lain:Should we accelerate or decelerate.
Toko:I will be here. And you will always return here.
Lain:Let’s open the door together.
Lain: What is the meaning of my existence?
Lain: Today I told Mom that I wanted to quit counseling. She said no. She said that I’m ok now, but that she doesn’t know if I will get worse again. I’ve been missing school again lately. I didn’t want to face it, but Mom is right. I have to go see Toko-san again tomorrow. I don’t want to. I have no freedom. I’m a patient. I’m a patient that always has to be looked after. I don’t want to do this anymore.
Toko:It’s easy for you to leave me. Just turn off the electric switch.
Lain:What will you do for me in your dreams?
Lain:If you see me in your dreams, what would I be like?
Toko:I’m sad. I don’t want to be alone.
Lain:You can’t say that imagination and reality are different. There are places where they are the same.
Lain: Why do people around me become this way? Is it because I’ve become ordinary? Has it been this way, and I just didn’t notice?
Lain: Mom and Dad had a big fight today. Dad never hits people, but he hit Mom today. Mom threw things at Dad and screamed. I was afraid and couldn’t do anything but cry. Why did they fight? They usually get along so well. Was it my fault?
Lain: I was thinking of not seeing Toko-san anymore today. When I told her about Misato-chan, she said that there are some things that people can’t say, even to those who are closest to them. Did Misato-chan go away because I was hiding things about myself from her? Is that why she went away without saying anything to me? Even if there’s something I can’t say, I would never do that. Toko-san and Misato-chan are awful. Nobody understands me. I don’t feel like doing schoolwork. Am I a truant? I don’t want to leave people behind. I’ve got to fight. Although they say that I ought to study what interests me, the only things I’m interested in are Misato-chan and myself. But its over. I have to find other things that are meaningful to me.
Toko:Are you feeling good from being flattered?
Lain:Enjoy it. It’s only for a little longer.
Lain:It is all about things that don’t really matter, or is it about things that are important?
Lain:Would it have been different if I had called you then? Couldn’t you have said that I was on your side? I was only thinking about you, Misato-chan.
Lain:I went to Misato-chan’s home today, but no one was there. She must have moved. She literally left without saying a word. This makes me sad. Didn’t she think of me as a friend? I guess Misato-chan didn’t think much of me after all. I haven’t received any phone calls or letters. If she really was a friend, she would never have left this way. Maybe she thinks I’m badmouthing her like the other kids. I makes me even sadder. I was your special friend. Wasn’t I, Misato-chan?
Lain:When will I make friends again? When it happens, will I have to change, too? Even when I’m me?
Lain:I’m alone again. I don't want to make friends with anyone other than Misato-chan. Making friends. I don’t know what strange things these kids think about me. I don’t care. It’s all a big nuisance. School isn’t any fun anyway. School without Misato-chan is no fun.
Toko:If you come here, I would be very happy.
Toko: Professor Takashima, regarding my request last month to see a different client, how has that progressed? If you could introduce me to the person in charge of the outpatients, I could arrange things from there.
LainIf I became sick, what would you do for it?ToukoIf you were sick?LainI mean if…ToukoWell, since you are still young, I wouldn’t use any medical treatment for such minor symptoms… the way one uses medicine to cure disease.LainWhy wouldn’t you use them?ToukoLain, you already have the power to recover your health from disease.If you depend on using those medicines, however, your body becomes weaker.Usually children shouldn’t take medicine too much anyway.LainSo what are you going to do?ToukoLet’s see… I will use psychotherapy to help you, like talking with you as we do now.LainJust talking?ToukoHmm, it’s difficult to explain it. For example, we have a program to recover people from alcoholism.In this program, they discuss and present what make them drink so much and listen to each other’s stories.We call it “group therapy.” I don’t like it though.LainWhy you don’t like it?ToukoI think people who regain their health from those group therapies would make the same mistakes later.They think that they can recover themselves from alcoholism simply by group conversation, but when they are alone, they will start drinking again. I’ve seen this happen a lot.LainSo what would you do?ToukoI try to talk one-on-one as I do with you, Lain.LainAnd?ToukoAnd then, I suggest those patients to think about themselves.I have nothing particular to support them but I try to analyze what they think on neutral ground. This helps them to recognize what is wrong with themselves, and then they try to recover their own health. We call it “non-supportive psychotherapy”. If they start recognizing there is a problem, it means they are already fine.LainIs that enough to recover them from diseases? Sound simple!ToukoRight, it sounds so simple. In fact, however, those things are more complicated and difficult to do than you think.LainDifficult?Touko(yawn) I’m sorry. I need more sleep.LainYou must be tired. Should you take a break?Touko(yawn)
Lain:Why do people spread rumors without knowing what they are talking about? Don’t they care about who they might be hurting?
Lain:Misato-chan is going to another school? Why? She didn’t say anything to me. We were friends. We were best friends. All the other kids said that she went to a different school because she was embarrassed to be found out as a plagiarizer. They were saying nasty things. I can’t forgive them for that. They’re wrong. Misato-chan would never plagiarize. I found out for a fact that she didn’t. Those kids don’t know what they are talking about. But why did she go away? Misato-chan, this is horrible. Will I never see you again? It’s too sad to lose you like this. Misato-chan.
Lain:I got an e-mail from the editors today. I’m glad. Misato-chan’s artwork came first. I saw her sketch over 2 months before the other one was published. Could this sort of thing happen often? The same picture at the same time, both by a Japanese, all by coincidence? What is that other artist like? I couldn’t find a home page for her. I wish I had information about her. I know that Misato-chan was right all along, and I feel much better now. I’ll go to Misato-chan’s home tomorrow.
Lain: I talked to Kasumi sensei today. I believe in Misato-chan, but I wanted to see what was actually going on. The sensei said that there is an art magazine in America with a painting by a Japanese artist very similar to Misato-chan’s. I didn’t want to see the magazine, but I wanted to make sure. The picture in the magazine and Misato-chan’s painting looked alike. They were more than alike. I could not tell the difference between the two. It seems that the Japanese artist who painted it was just a novice, and that it was the first time she won a prize for her artwork. I searched the Net about it when I got home. Dad said that that the artwork was by a second-generation Japanese or something. Misato-chan would never plagiarize. Still, the paintings looked so similar. But I thought that Misato-chan did her work before this other person submitted hers to this magazine. I’m going to look into it and clear her name. Sensei said that people often come up with the same ideas at the same time. It was probably a coincidence.
Toko:Do you want to find me and talk to me?
Lain:Can't stop?
Lain:Hey, what day is today?
Lain:Could it be that I’m not changing? If I think that I’m not changing, I won’t change. But I have changed. I won’t have hallucinations anymore.
Lain:The magazine is called “Beauty of the Art.” It had a homepage, so I sent them an e-mail. I wonder if I’ll hear back from them. I’ll keep writing until I hear back from them. I’m going to get to the bottom of this and I’m going to clear Misato-chan of this plagiarism charge. But I might see ‘that’ again when I go to the Net, and that frightens me.
Lain:Couldn’t it be obvious that people see the same things and have the same ideas about them? If the perceived information is the same for two people and they think the same things about it, why would it be odd if those people produce the same impressions about what they see? We’re all human beings, after all.
Lain:I can’t call Misato-chan. I’m frustrated but can’t do anything. I don’t have enough courage. I can’t imagine what Misato-chan would say.
Lain:Misato-chan skipped school today. Some of the older kids in art class were spreading rumors. They were talking about Misato-chan’s artwork and plagiarism. The kids stopped talking when they noticed that I was listening. This makes me feel bad. Misato-chan would never do something like that. Never.
Toko:Let’s close this world.
Lain:The cute “me” isn’t the only important “me.” The “me” I don’t like is also an important part of “me.”
Lain:Are there times when you want to just disappear?
Lain:I just want to see you. I won’t ask you any questions. I won’t ask you about things you don’t want to talk about.
Lain:Misato-chan didn’t show up at school again today, so I took my notes to her home. Misato-chan’s mom came to the door, but Misato-chan didn’t. Is she feeling so bad that she can’t even come to the door? Could it be that she doesn’t like me anymore? That would make me very sad. No matter what other kids say about Misato-chan, I’ll always be her friend. I want to see you, Misato-chan.
Lain:They decided not to submit Misato-chan’s artwork to the prefectural exhibition. I don’t know why. Sensei didn’t explain why. Misato-chan has stopped talking and looks terrible. I’ve never seen her like this. What happened? I’m sad for Misato-chan.
Lain:Does Misato understand me?
Lain:I wonder if people on art sites of the Net are hard to please. I got friendly and sent pics of Misato-chan’s artwork, and they said that it was plagiarism. Misato-chan would never do something like that. Besides, some artistic big shots saw Misato-chan’s work and didn't think it was plagiarism. Why then would it be? I feel contradicted. I don’t want to visit this Net site again. I feel like I am the one being criticized. Misato-chan and I have been around each other so much that we can tell what’s going on with the other without talking too much.
Lain:It’s ok for a person to have as many things important to her as she wants, isn’t it?
Toko: We had our talk. There was no problem from beginning to end. She is getting better. As far as I can see, she is just an ordinary healthy junior high schooler. There is no reason why she should continue to come here. Professor Takashima, in order that I can submit my paper to the academic conference in the fall, I would like to apply to start seeing a different client.
LainThe ego is your sense of who you are, isn’t it?ToukoYes, but more technically phrased, the ego is a part of the mind you use to experience as yourself and to recognize yourself. Do you get it?LainNot at all.ToukoOk, so you have an idea that you are Lain. In such the structural element, the “EGO” is right there. Linguistically, “myself” describes all of you, right? “Ego” is, however, one of the parts of your mind you use to recognize that all of experiences I have had were mine. Saying “it’s just to realize that you are yourself” is somewhat better to understand?LainI can get the last part, but it is still beyond my understanding.ToukoI like your honesty. So the girl, Lain, has various emotions, such as kindness, loneliness and things like that.Now the EGO is what is left when you don’t feel any emotions.LainI guess I understand a little…ToukoFor example, the Lain who woke up this morning and what Lain is now here are the same, right?LainRight.ToukoWhat Lain will be tomorrow should be the same as those.LainI guess so.ToukoI mean if your ego works properly, you can recognize that you exist continuously and confirm that that existence is “myself.” If your ego doesn’t work properly…LainIf it doesn’t?ToukoWe call such a situation “identity disorder” in the medical field.On the other hand, there is also an “isolation disorder” which means you think that you are not yourself. He, he, they sound like bad diseases, don’t they? Yet anyone your age usually doesn’t complete his or her ego until later.You just can gradually recognize yourself with age.LainSo is it wrong to think that I understand myself at my age?ToukoIt just happens to be that such things happen all the time.
Lain:… and so…… when we want to increase the processing speed… we must take into account the fact that the processor can overheat.You can keep the CPU cool by using a Peltier element…but it's still a problem…
Lain:I didn’t talk to her at all today. I hesitated to call. Could she be waiting for me to call? But maybe that isn’t true.
Lain:I wonder if that is obvious to Misato-chan. Maybe she doesn’t want people to fuss over her. Will I be disliked if I fuss?
Lain:Kazami Sensei mentioned before class that she wants to have Misato-chan’s artwork presented at the prefectural exhibition. It’s amazing because Misato-chan is still in 7th grade. Everyone in class went to the cultural fair and saw Misato-chan’s work. Even the older kids were really impressed. Misato-chan doesn’t seem too happy, though. She seems different lately. If she’s troubled about something, I wish she would talk to me.
Lain:I’m somewhat frustrated. Misato-chan. Would I feel good if my artwork was praised like hers’? Would I be embarrassed? I don’t know, but I’ll probably feel good.
Lain:People talked of nothing but Misato-chan’s artwork at the cultural fair. Our sensei’s prestigious friends came and were very impressed. Misato-chan is amazing! Misato-chan is my best friend. Isn’t that something? I’m so proud. But Misato-chan didn't look very well. I wonder if she is ok.
Toko:What do you do for me in your dreams?
Lain:You can’t fool yourself. If you do, everything will disappear.
Lain:Who do you want to choose you?
Lain:The Net I full of men. Aren’t there any girls? I don’t mind writing guys, but I’d rather write girls.
Lain:When I checked my computer today, there were about 30 e-mails. I deleted e-mails if I didn’t know who they were from. No e-mails from Mr. Rabbit yet. Didn’t my e-mails reach him? Maybe he hasn’t read them yet. When I checked the ‘news group,’ I found that many of the packets had dropped. Eventually, the members were all people I didn’t know. I got an idea! I’ll join a news group that has art as a topic. There might be people there that are like me, and I can be a lot more outgoing on the Net.
Lain:I’m being selfish to want to communicate with Misato-chan over the Net.
Lain:Misato-chan turned me down. She doesn’t like checking e-mails. She seems not to have much interest in the Net. I wonder if she got harassed on the Net, too. The way she turned me down was unusual. It’s too bad. I thought she would be happy. I’m a bit sad. Misato-chan will talk to me on the phone, though. We can talk to each other anytime, at home or at school. She ought to be able to visit the Net on her own.
Lain:Only I myself know what I’ve done.

Lain:It’s ok. It’s going fine.
LainI wouldn't say I like meetings with Touko-sensei…Sure, it's nice.But I dislike it here.ToukoWhy is that?LainI just do.
Lain:I’m surprised at how long I can stay on the phone. I wonder if I’m a very talkative person. I feel like I can talk and keep on talking to anybody.
Lain:Now that I think about it, I haven’t been checking my e-mails lately. I quit going to the Net because I saw ‘that,’ and because of the mean messages people leave there. Misato-chan said that she goes to the Net, too. Maybe I should exchange e-mail addresses with her. If she knew how active and outgoing I am on the Net, she might be surprised. If I had her e-mail address, I won’t have to bother calling her by phone. Mom’s been complaining because I run up a big phone bill. I’ll talk to Misato-chan tomorrow.
Lain:It’s good to be ordinary. People won’t look at you funny if you’re ordinary. I don’t understand the feelings of people who want to stand out. I don’t have the confidence to want to stand out. But is it because I’ve become ordinary that Mom and Dad don’t pay attention to me? Misato-chan is different. She’s a friend of ordinary me.
Lain:It’s been a while since I saw ‘that.’ I’ve become an ordinary kid again. I have friends; I argue with my parents a little but make up later. I’m in an ordinary family. Everything is ok, now. I’m an ordinary girl.
Toko:If you see me in your dreams, what am I like?
Lain:Can you imagine it?
Toko:You can’t say that imagination and reality are different. There are places where they are the same.
Lain:You want to change yourself?
Lain:Is it different from the me I’ve been up till now?
Lain:Doesn’t Dad love Mom? Someone tell me.
Lain:Mom and Dad have been curt lately. My family used to encircle me. It seems to be coming apart now, since I haven’t had problems lately. I wonder if they are busy doing things that they couldn’t do while I wasn’t well. I shouldn’t complain. They’ve been so good to me.
Lain:I don’t want to see her anymore. I’m not troubled anymore. To me, Toko-san is…
Lain:Toko-san was that kind of person. She seems different from before. Could it be because she’s been busy? She seems cold and distant. I told her about my artwork, and she said to bring that up with people in my class. I wonder if she was feeling well. Could it be that I’m a bother because I’m no longer sick and don’t need to see her? Toko-san is a counselor. The sicker I get, the more work she has to do. I’m sorry that I couldn’t help with your research report, Toko-san. Just let me know if you don’t want to see me anymore.
Toko:Enjoy it! There’s only a little left.
Lain:Are you curious about me, or something else?
Lain:That’s all.
Toko:Who do you want to choose you?
Lain:It’s possible to come to a place like this?
Lain:I finished my artwork of Misato-chan. It was very popular in class. It’s very pretty and artful. I bet it will stand out and draw attention at the culture fair. I used pastels and watercolors. Misato-chan said that I did a good job, but I wonder if I really ought to have done a painting of her. I feel that I haven’t expressed myself as much as I wanted in my painting. What kind of painting should I do? Misato-chan’s paintings seem like Misato-chan’s. They are gentle and pretty, and seem to have an inner strength…
Lain:I saw an accident on my way home today. Something fell at a construction site and someone died. Cop cars and ambulances were everywhere, and lots of people, too. It’s sad that someone died. I wouldn’t want something like that to happen to me all of a sudden. I am…
Lain:I tried to remember Misato-chan’s face and drew it. I wonder if it looks much like her. I showed it to Mom, who didn’t have much to say. Dad said it was good, but I’m still not very confident. I think I’ll quit the cultural fair. Today there was something about the new Navi that I didn’t understand, so I went and bought a book again. There aren’t many books about this kind of computer, so I didn’t have much to choose from, but I bought a book that has to do with command lists. It’s based in UNIX, so much of it was familiar, but it helped me understand assembly, which I had trouble with. I connected two computers so that they could exchange files, and called it a day.
Lain:Misato-chan came to visit my house today. Mom seemed to be in a good mood—sort of. Misato-chan taught me how to draw. Mom came and checked in on us often. Dad, Mom, Misato-chan and I had dinner together. It was great. I didn’t learn that much about drawing, but Misato-chan said that she will visit again soon. We took Misato-chan back to home in Dad’s car. She has a very fancy house in a rich neighborhood. It was almost dreamlike. Misato-chan’s mom came to the door and spoke with Dad a bit. She was really pretty, like an actress. I guess that a pretty girls like Misato-chan must come from beautiful mothers like that. But only a girl like me could come from my kind of Mom. I’m sorry, Mom. But I really had fun today.
Lain:How impressive.
Toko:Say, when is this?
Lain:Let’s keep a secret.
Lain:I’m a little envious of Misato-chan. She can do so many things. Other than using the Net, there’s nothing I can do better than Misato-chan.
Lain:I drew a picture and submitted it to the cultural fair, but I don’t think I have much talent. Compared to everyone else, I’m not very good. Misato-chan does great. She said that she was still mid-process with her work, but I thought it was great already anyway. She drew a picture of Pegasus, with deep blue skies. It looked as though Pegasus was really flying. I don’t think I could draw a Pegasus that looks like it is flying. I think I’ll just draw what I feel like drawing. I’d rather draw pictures of Misato-chan more than anything else, but maybe she won’t like that.
Lain:I guess we’re different from birth. But if I was born there, wouldn’t I have been pretty like Misato-chan?
Lain:You're busy with your own work, aren't you, Toko-san?
Lain:I went to see Toko-san today. When I asked her how much longer we should meet each other, she looked troubled. She said that I could come over with the idea of enjoying myself instead of thinking of our meetings as therapy, but I didn’t want to have to explain myself to Misato-chan. I wonder what Misato-chan is thinking. I don’t want to keep any secrets from her, but I’m afraid to tell her the truth.
Lain:Amazing!
Lain:We got a new PC today. It looks very expensive. It’s small and round, but it’s very fast. It’s different from the computers we’ve had before, but the man said that the applications are similar, so there shouldn’t be many problems. I feel important all of a sudden, and happy. Thank you, Dad. When I grow up, I wonder if I will find work related to managing information or something. I’ve been studying hard and want to make myself useful. Still, I don’t want a job that only has to do with machines.
Lain:Misato-chan gave me a present. She said it was to repay me for the gift I gave her. Misato-chan’s present was a CD of her playing a violin. She plays beautifully. Listening to her play is like drifting off into a dream. She can really play. She blushed a little when she gave me her CD. That was a bit unlike her, and it was cute. I guess Misato-chan makes expressions like that, too. It seems like there is more of the Misato-chan that only I know. When I played the CD for Mom, she didn't seem too interested. Maybe she doesn’t like the violin.
Lain:I asked Misato-chan if she was going out with someone. She laughed. Well, after all, we’re together all the time. When I was changing clothes for gym class, I noticed that Misato-chan had big breasts. My chest is flat. I’m jealous. But I don’t have ‘that’ yet either. All the others are really becoming girls. I think I’m moving slower than everybody else.
Lain:It’s impossible to know everything, isn’t it? I’m not Misato-chan. But if I was the person I used to be, I might have been that way, too.
Lain:At school today, a boy asked to talk to Misato-chan. When she asked why, he said that he wanted to go out with her. Misato-chan didn't seem interested at all. If it was me, I think I would have been a little happy. I guess the boy was rejected. He was kind of good looking. Too bad. Misato-chan is good-looking and smart. She could get a boy. Maybe she doesn’t want one. She looked really bothered. Maybe she already has a boyfriend that I don’t know anything about. That’s sad, too.
Toko:The cute you isn’t the only you that’s important. The you that you dislike is also a part of you that’s important.
Lain:Don’t think about it so seriously.
Sign on the door:“LAIN”Lain:That's what I don't get.If we use packet filtering here… then debugging won't be necessary.No, not that…I wanted…Don't enter without permission!My friend is with me.We are always together.All right.
Lain:The body doesn't matter much. What matters is the heart. If my heart is perturbed, no one will like me.
Lain:My room doesn’t look very “girlish.” But that doesn't really seem to fit me. I understand.
Lain:A person who works with graphics in Dad’s company is willing to lend me some equipment at a low rate. I hope I can meet with that person soon. Then I could have Misato-chan come to my house and she can teach me all sorts of things. This is fun. I wonder how many years it’s been since I’ve had a friend over. I’ll clean up my room and make it look welcoming. I wonder what kind of room Misato-chan has. I’m sure it’s a very clean room.
Lain:Software is expensive. A digitizing tablet seems necessary. It seems that it’s better if there is a scanner. It’s difficult with machinery these days. I can’t afford this stuff with my allowance. I wonder if Misato-chan’s family is rich. I’ll talk to Dad. If I don’t have money, I can’t buy anything, but if I have a lot of money, I could do so much. What would I do? I could buy Mom and Dad presents, and I could do all sorts of things with Misato-chan. It’s fun just imagining these things.
Lain:It’s best to tell no one and be silent.
Toko:It’s ok for a person to have as many things as she wants that are really important to her.
Lain:Everybody has something to hide.
ToukoWhat's that?LainThis?Bike-chan.A puppy.My stuffed toy.I wouldn't call him a friend, but…He was already there when I was born.Right, Bike-chan?
Lain:Misato-chan said that she draws with her computer. Maybe I’ll try that, too. I’ll ask her how to do it.
Lain:What is Misato-chan going to draw? Lain? Or someone I don’t know?
Lain:I have to do a drawing for a cultural festival soon. I wonder what to draw. I’m not sure. One of the leaders said that it can be something simple. I wonder what. A drawing of Bike-chan? Misato-chan? Dad, Mom? Toko-san? Myself? It’s difficult to draw people. If the drawing doesn’t look like the person, it’s embarrassing.


GirlYou said we could visit you after school.LainReally?Girl2Listen, Lain!You play games all the time.You never listen during classes… and then you get 100% on tests.LainIt's not relevant.GirlIt is! It is!Girl2Lain, your dad is cool, isn't he?Will we see him today?LainI'm sorry.I really can't today.Sorry.GirlI'm sure she's free…Girl2Yeah…
Lain:Right, I'm really not sick. What Touko-san is saying… since she said it, it can't be wrong, right? I should believe her.
Lain:When I was checking e-mails to see if anything came from Mr. Rabbit, I found a weird e-mail. This time it was a picture of a dead, naked woman, tied up with ropes. Strangely, it said that the e-mail came from Mr. Rabbit. Mr. Rabbit wouldn’t do something like that. It’s that guy again. I’ll let Mr. Rabbit know. I can’t believe this. Why would someone do this? I’m scared to check my e-mail now. I’d like to check my e-mails, but if I access the Net and I see ‘that’ again…I was getting better. I’m not sick.
Lain:This is the same as always. Nothing will change. I’m fine just like this.
Lain:Misato-chan came to school, but seemed as usual, as if nothing had happened. When I asked her what kind of sickness she had, she just said that she had the cold. Any way, I’m glad that she’s better. I’ll take her the gift I couldn’t give her yesterday. I skipped extracurricular activities and went to an ice cream shop with Misato-chan instead. It’s always fun to be around Misato-chan. I’m glad she’s better.
Toko:The one person you cannot fool is yourself. If you did, everything would disappear.
Lain:I heard the rumors about you.
Lain:I want to talk to Misato-chan. I’m cowardly, though. Haven’t I changed? Would it be better if a cowardly person like me dies?
Lain:Misato-chan wasn’t at school again today. I told my sensei that I wanted to go see her. She said that she spoke with Misato-chan’s mom, and that Misato-chan didn’t want to see any visitors. I wonder what the matter is. Misato-chan had so much energy. She didn’t talk about herself much, though. She was like me in that way. But for me, talking got me disliked.
Lain:I need Misato-chan. Does Misato-chan need me?
Lain:Misato-chan took a day off of school. I don’t think she’s completely alone, but I was sad for her. I left drawing class early because I was sad. I had Dad’s present that I wanted to give her. I hope Misato-chan comes to school tomorrow.
Girl:Lain! Why didn't you wait for us?
Toko: She won’t stop pressing me with questions. Concerning this case, it may simply be an issue with her personality. She still has worries about when she was hallucinating in the past when she was losing her sense of reality. We focused on that issue. Her current symptoms involve excessive underestimation of herself. She is objectifying the adoration she has for her ‘other’ self, and because her current self and her past self are completely different, it seems that she has been developing these personification symptoms on her own for some time. However, there is a very small chance that that will happen now.

LainTouko-san, deja vu isn’t an illness, is it?ToukoNo. You may also feel it’s the first time you’ve seen a scene which you’ve seen before. Both situations have nothing to do with a disease. Even normal people sometimes have an experience of deja vu.LainWhat a relief! I feel better now.ToukoDo you feel anything else when you experience deja vu?LainTime is strange for some reason. I can’t figure out if time is fast or slow.ToukoDo you feel it’s real or kind of ordinary?LainWell, it could be… or could not be… I don’t know… maybe not…ToukoIs it nebular? Or you just can’t comprehend…LainI just feel something is different. Even though I recognize that I am playing in my house, I feel like it isn’t my house. And even though I don’t know where it is, when I play at a park that I’ve never seen, for me it seems like the place I usually use.ToukoStrange… Do you feel comfortable or uneasy when you are there?LainI don’t know, but Lain was laughing when it happened.ToukoNot yourself but Lain?LainI can’t explain very well but it was LainToukoWhere were you at that time?LainLet’s see… I don’t know, because I was just watching her…ToukoI mean, where from did you observe her? Like, were you standing on the ground, or you could you see her from the sky…?LainWell… I don’t know… It was like I saw myself on the TV… I guess…ToukoLain, are you all right? You don’t have to bring it back by force. I’m sorry.I feel compelled to ask questions…. OK, that’s all for today!LainHow do you express it in technical jargon?ToukoNo, let’s stop for now.LainI really want to know about myself!ToukoOK, so this is the last lesson. In technical jargon, we call it “alienation of perception.” It means that you experience something as if somebody else experienced it.LainIt’s an illness, isn’t it?ToukoThere is one called “depersonalization” which is that you cannot feel yourself, but you couldn’t have it. So stop worrying about it.LainYou can’t prove that I don’t.ToukoYes, but it doesn’t worry you. So I can say that you’re not sick.Well, I shouldn’t have said that; it just makes you worried.I guess I made a mistake…LainNo, you didn’t. You didn’t make any mistakes because I insisted that you should answer my question. Still, I want to study a lot in order to be like you, Touko-san.ToukoLain…
Lain:Can you hear a voice? Is it my voice? Whose voice is it?
Lain:A lavish present wouldn’t be good. After all, we’re just junior high school students.
Lain:Dad asked me to take a gift to Toko-san, so I took the gift to her after school. Toko-san seemed tired and slow. She didn’t even open the gift’s wrapping paper. I wonder why she was tired. I wonder what the gift was. Could it have been cosmetics? Mom has a lot of cosmetics, too. I guess I’ll use cosmetics one day, too. I won’t look very good if I used cosmetics now. Misato-chan looks grown up anyway, so cosmetics should look good on her. Oh, Dad said there were some extra presents, so I’ll take some for Misato-chan.
Lain:I wonder if Dad has ever been so cheerful. Maybe people seem to change when you change yourself.
Lain:Dad came home. I talked to him a lot. About me, about drawing, about Misato-chan. I talked and talked and talked until Mom said that Dad is tired and that I ought to hold off on talking to him until tomorrow. Maybe I did tire him out. He was smiling as I talked to him. He brought me a Teddy Bear as a gift. He’s really cute. What should I name him? Hmm…
Lain:I drew a picture of Toko-san and went to her office to show her, but one of the people there said that she was out. I guess she’s really busy. Dad is going to come back soon, and I’ve been feeling good lately. I can’t see ‘that’ anymore, so I think I’ll go back to the Net for old time’s sake. I haven’t seen Mr. Rabbit in a while. I have to say thanks for that time. I look pretty good when I’m making progress.
Toko:Only you yourself know what you’ve done.
Lain:Do you dream? Are your dreams fun?

Lain:I saw ‘that’ on the Net. I haven’t had a problem with that before. Why is it happening? But I don’t have to go to the Net anyway. I’ve written a letter to Mr. Rabbit, so I won’t go back to the Net for a while. Things are going well anyway. It’s ok, Lain. I’m not alone anymore.
Lain:I’m not forcing myself to laugh. This is me.
Lain:I didn’t want to stay home from school deliberately. My head hurt, and I saw that thing again, so I stayed home. Mom had to go to work, so I was home alone. I didn’t feel this way in elementary school. Why do I feel so sad and tired now? Does it have to do with Misato-chan? Maybe I’ll call Dad. That’s expensive though. Mom might get angry.
Lain:Misato-chan is really good to me. We’re always together. I’m sad when she doesn’t come to school. I wish I had more friends. I wonder if I’m being selfish. Am I greedy? I wonder if Misato-chan is ok when she is alone. If I skip school tomorrow, how would she feel? If I tried something like that, though, she won’t like me anymore.
Lain:Everything won’t be destroyed because the thing that destroys will remain.

Toko: She has lightened up a great deal. Much of it seems to do with a new friend she’s developed in the last few months. Additionally, she has had a change in her living arrangement, which she seems to be happy with. Having now found a friend her own age, she will probably develop a relationship with that person that is more intimate than the one she has with me. I wonder if she still asks me questions because she doesn’t know what else to talk about. I will see how things go for the next few months, and then I would like to discontinue examinations.
ToukoAre you happy at your school?LainYes, I am!ToukoWhat makes you so happy!LainYou know, playing and talking with my best friend.ToukoThat’s good! It is a good thing to like school, isn’t it?LainWere you happy?ToukoNot really, because I didn’t have many friends there.You feel sad without friends at school.LainYeah… I’m sorryToukoAbout what?LainThat story reminds you of a bad memory.ToukoWell, it certainly wasn’t good memory, but that’s OK.I actually feel sorry for my past, but my current job makes me think that was a good experience for me.LainGood experience?ToukoYes. For example, such an experience is sometimes so useful to analyze the psychology of those who doesn’t want to go to school.LainIt sounds difficult.ToukoI’m sorry, I’m talking about myself now! Whenever I talk about my job, I tend to get lost in it.I guess I would make a better patient.Ok, let’s change the subject. Well, what is your best friend like?LainShe is really cheerful and nice to me. I’m really happy around her.ToukoWhat's her name?LainMisato.ToukoOK… Misato. What do you usually do together?LainWe read books together at her place and I listen to her playing violin sometimes.ToukoWow, she can play the violin. Awesome! She must be a good friend. Why don’t you come over with her next time?LainBut she is so shy.ToukoSo shy?LainMaybe… I’ll ask her anyway. I’m guessing she wouldn’t want to.ToukoWell, I wish she could.
Lain:Am I forcing myself to do too much? I’m not, am I?
Lain:I wonder if Misato-chan is strong. She seemed to be just fine while I was away. I was a bit disappointed. I wonder if I’m too possessive. Maybe Misato-chan has friends aside from me, and I just want her for myself. I don’t like this. I’m just being blameful. I’m becoming a dislikable girl again. In extracurricular class, I went to go buy sketch books with the rest of the class. The pastels were very pretty, so I bought some and was drawing before dinner. Mom scolded me, saying that the pastels were stinky. I don’t mind their smell very much. I’m going to give my best to study and art. Fight, Lain!
Lain:Misato-chan said that she wanted to be in same extracurricular class with me. I’m nowhere as good as her in music, and she said that she didn’t want to be in music class with me anyway. The people in the joint research group were very nice, but I wasn't sure if I wanted to join. I thought I would join an art class. I’ve always enjoyed drawing.
Lain:I told Toko-san all about it. I talked about Misato-chan through the whole session. Toko-san said, “you’re doing really well,” and I was a bit embarrassed. I wonder what Toko-san did for her extracurricular activities. I think she’s good at physical education. She said that she went to America for school. Maybe things are different there.
Lain:Today I did a lot of things with Misato-chan. She’s good at physical education, though I’m not. I think I’m more into liberal arts. Misato-chan has been playing the violin since she was very young. She’s even been in competitions. She’s amazing. She’s good with computers, too. I didn’t tell her that I’m into computers, though. I wanted to keep things having to do with me and the net a secret. On the net, I can be the sort of me that isn’t so careful.
Toko:Are you different from the person you’ve been up till now?
Lain:I want to tell you all about me.


Lain:I feel like everything will go great now. As long as I have one friend, I’m ok. Dad, I hope you come home soon!
Lain:Mom came to the ceremony for the start of the school year. None of the kids from grade school were in my class. I was relieved. The teacher in charge was a nice person, and I made some friends. I was assigned to a seat. There’s a different feel here compared to grade school. I can’t hang out with most of the kids, but I think I’ll get along with just one of the girls sitting next to me. She’s quiet, but that’s the kind of person that’s easy for me to be around. It’s great to meet you, Misato-chan!
Lain:Do I know what you want to know?

Toko:Are you curious about me? Or are you curious about something else?
Lain:I’m not sleepy.
Toko:Everyone has something to hide.
Lain:It’s probably just the two of us.
Lain:I’m different. I’m a different me.
Lain:I started bleeding when I was brushing my teeth. Could it be pyorrhea? My teeth were always so healthy. I can taste my blood. It’s a bit bitter and I don’t like it. I think I won’t stop bleeding and that I won’t be able to fall asleep. Is it because I’m uneasy about starting junior high school tomorrow?
Toko:Don’t think so seriously.
Lain:Fun, right?

LainIs your father gentle?
Lain:School will start soon. I’m going to be different this time for sure. I’m going to be an ordinary, light-hearted junior high school student. I hope I don’t have many of the same classmates I had in elementary school. Mom and Dad were talking on the phone. Were they worried about me? That’s ok. You can both relax and not worry. I saw it again for the first time in a long while. Is it an illusion? Is there something wrong with my mind? I don’t care if I’m sick or not. I just want it to stop.
Lain:I don’t understand anymore. Did that strange person know Mr. Rabbit? He said, “Leave it to me, and forget about it.” Oh, I’m mad. I want revenge. I’m not going to cry myself to sleep. I want to forget everything I want to forget. The things I don’t like. The me I don’t like. Can I do something magical like that?

Toko: Communication with the client has been going satisfactorily. In our previous session, I was irritated by her many questions and our talk and became half-teasing. This definitely narrowed my relationship with her. In future sessions, we will focus on the growth of her sense of self and I will attempt to further establish aid to her.
ToukoI’m sorry. I just was trying to explain this issue to you.I like you too Lain, though I’m not sure why.I suppose I just enjoy talking to you. That’s it.It’s probably just because I like my job!I just thought it had to do with you, but I guess not.It is enough for me to be able to understand my feelings.I can never read your mind, so I can never know that you like me as much as I like you.LainSounds lonely…ToukoI’m sorry, but you know, this is one of the ways for me to know that.I’m so happy with you saying that you like me.Are you happy with me saying I like you?LainYes, indeed.ToukoYes, that is enough. Lain, I like you.But still, as you can never comprehend all of me, it is impossible for me to know everything about you.If we could know everything about each other, I could be you and vice versa.I mean you do not have to be Lain unless we are different people.I really like Lain even though Lain is hard to understand sometimes.LainYou like the mysterious Lain?ToukoWell, I like Lain who I don’t know very well. Of course, that is not all I like.LainI want to know everything about you!!ToukoSo do I! But it’s impossible.LainImpossible?ToukoYes. That is because even I don’t know who I am!Well, I don’t know how to explain this to you. Lain is Lain and I am me.Actually it might be still impossible even if we became the same person.LainThe same person?ToukoYes, Lain and I are exactly the same!We see the same things, have the same ideas and take same actions. Everything. Even our looks are the same!In this situation, there is only an identity that you KEEP, isn't there?Yet even if such an identification is gone. If you thought “Here is Lain,” then I cannot exist there.The same thing can happen to you! That is why it’s impossible to understand each other at the same time.LainBut what if you would answer every question I ask.Still, it would be impossible?ToukoRight, but they are not all possible questions, are they? I need time to answer those questions and those answers could be changed eventually, such as I used to think one thing, but now I have changed my mind — something like that.LainIt's impossible after all, isn’t it?ToukoYes, I wish I could go inside your mind and answer everything you want to know…
TokoI wondered if your name has anything to do with R. D. Laing. Oh, it couldn’t, could it?LainR.D. Laing?TokoIt’s a person’s name. An English psychiatrist. He was an unusual person. The titles of some of his books are very interesting. One of them is: “I Love, Love, Really Love.”Lain“I Love, Love, Really Love”?TokoI read it when I was in college and I don’t remember much of it, but it’s about two lovers—a man and a woman—and the woman asks the man if he loves her.LainAnd?TokoWell of course, the man replies that he loves her. But the woman isn't satisfied, and asks more and more questions.LainI don’t understand.TokoOK. Let’s see. Do you like me, Lain?LainYes, I do.TokoMore than your dad? More than your mom?LainYes.TokoThat makes me happy. Do you mean it?LainYes I do.TokoAre you happy when you’re here?LainI don’t really understand, but I probably am.TokoDo you like talking to me?LainYes.TokoWhat do you like about me?LainYou’re kind and you listen to me.TokoWhich do you like more? That I’m kind, or that I listen?LainWhich?TokoYes, which?LainI like you because you’re kind.TokoHow am I kind to you?LainYou don’t get angry and you’re polite.TokoBut there are lots of people besides me who don’t get angry at you. There are lots of people who are polite to you. Aren’t there? Do you really like me?LainI don’t really know. Do I have to think about all this stuff? Let’s stop this. I feel like I might start to not like you.
Lain:Are the people who enjoy doing horrible things and hurting people really human beings like me? But what am I?
Lain: It’s horrible, but I can’t do anything about it. Someone’s been reading my diary. It’s been copied and displayed on an FTP site with a vulgar title. I stopped it, but over 20 people have already read it. Why did this all happen? Other people can do what I can do. I think I’ll avoid the net for a while. I want to see what’s going on, but my diary might be on someone’s site, being reproduced right now. I know. I’m going to send an information-deleting engine into the net. But what if whoever took my diary has the diary’s back-up information, too? I’m sure the person who took my diary is that gross guy. And if it’s him, he would certainly have that information. I’m so mad. I can’t win this by myself. So this is what I amount to. I think I’ll consult Mr. Rabbit. I wonder what will help.
Lain:I took the information on his host site and spread it publicly on a “mirror-site.” I didn’t look at any of the pictures because they’d all be gross. The text of his site was gross, too. I’m starting to worry if I trapped the right person. What if I got the wrong person’s data or identification…I don’t want to ever do this again. It feels good to be able to do things others can’t do. Is there something wrong with me?
Lain:That was it after all! Within 2 hours of mailing that guy, I got a response. I was curious what it was, but I was sure it would be gross, so I didn’t. I decoded it, set a trap, and encoded it. This way, that person will never do this again.
Lain:By following instructions I learned yesterday, I was able to access the host site. It was easy. Maybe I’m a genius at this kind of thing. I found some ‘footprints’ when I did some downloading. I’m figuring out how to trace down that sick person. I’m going to mail him to set a trap for him. I can’t forgive someone who does something like that. I’m not going to cry myself to sleep anymore.
Lain:When I told my net buddies about that gross e-mail with the dead baby, they said there might be a way to trace it. It’s not something I’m supposed to do, but I feel like a detective, and it’s a bit fun. Whoever sent that e-mail is at fault, anyway. I can retaliate a little. I’m not such a good person anyway. What can I do if people say that there is something wrong with my character? After all, there’s something wrong with me. “Strange” is what I am? I’m strange, aren’t I, Mr. Rabbit?
Toko:I heard rumors about you.
Lain:You are not bad.… who is bad?
Lain:Stop hurting yourself.
Lain:Computer?A friend?I never thought about it that way.We were talking about it before.
Lain:I’ll solve it with my own strength. My own strength. I should be able to do that now.
Lain:We’ll saw Dad off today. Mom seemed really sad. We waved good-bye to each other for a long time as he took the escalator to the gate. On the way home, Mom took me to a restaurant. It was a nice dinner, but it was sad knowing that it will just be me and Mom at the dinner table for a long time. I’m sure Mom feels sad, too. God, please let Dad come home safely.
Lain:Dad’s work seems to be really difficult. I want to work when I grow up. I want to be like Dad and live with self-confidence.
Lain:I was sad during dinner today. Dad said that he has to go overseas because of work. It was so sudden I was surprised and speechless. He said he’d be away for 2 months. I started to cry all of a sudden, and I lost my appetite. Dad looked worried, and he hugged me. We’ll go to see him off at the airport tomorrow.
Toko:You hear voices? My voice? Whose voice?
Lain:What is your favorite song?
Lain:Mom, do you feel uneasy with me? I know I’m odd. It’s ok. I won’t bother you.
LainI am always “purring” around other people because I am lonely.
Lain:When I decoded a file that came today by e-mail, I saw the image of a dead infant. I couldn’t find the address the file came from. I wonder if it’s from the person that started that tasteless online game. I’m getting scared to open my mail now. I can’t leave here, though. At least not until I enter junior high and start an ordinary life. When I start junior high, and I’ll have friends and I’ll be busy, and I might not have time to come to the net. I ought to study the net now while I still have time.
Lain:Spring break starts today. I haven’t been going to school, though. When I was at the library reading a book about UNIX, a guy next to me who looked about the age of a college student gave me a really weird look. Studying computers is tough because there are many technical terms and difficult kanji, but I enjoy this. There’s nothing painful about it, and it’s more fun than grammar or math. I understand English better now, and I understand things better in general, but there are still many things I don’t understand. I think I’ll ask Dad about some of this stuff. I wonder if Dad will give me a weird look like the guy in the library.
Lain:Hey… I want to hear your voice. Say my name. …I want to know you more.
Toko: We are able to have completely relaxed talks now. I’ve assumed that she still has some problems having to do with memory, but she can’t accept today the memories and experiences she had of herself in the past. From that information, I think she probably has an identity disorder and/or a disorder with self-unity. However, these identity problems are still in development, and there’s a chance they may naturally go away as she strengthens her sense of self in therapy.
TokoThere are different kinds of memories. First of all, there’s one’s memory of oneself. You know what self- understanding is? You know that you are a girl named Lain with a certain face and height and weight? That’s all recorded at a molecular level. Aside from the brain, there are places throughout the body that carry residues of things that have happened. You know that if you get cut, you bleed, but if you wait a while, it gets scab and heals? That has to do with information stored in cells going to work. Take a look at athletes and people who have gone through intense physical training. They seem to do things effortlessly. That’s because their bodies have their own recollection or memory.LainIf you generate a recording, you have a memory?TokoYou might be able to say that sometimes, but not always. Humans are haphazard and unpredictable, aren’t they? I don’t remember everything that happened to me as a kid precisely. I have happy memories of times I spent with my family, but my family might not have happy memories of those times at all. I may have had misperceptions in the moment, or I may have remembered things incorrectly and by mistake. But we all walk around with memories, thinking that what we remember is what actually happened. Suppose you meet an old friend that you haven’t seen in a long time. Don’t you remember the things you used to do with that person right away? Your memory has a way of linking things together.LainIf you can’t link things together, you’re sick?TokoWell, there is something called memory impediment. People who have this can’t remember things that happened only moments ago. They have no idea of how things in the past took place. They don’t know what happened and in what order. Since they don’t want anyone to know that they don’t remember things, they often make up stories about the past to fool people. Humans are complex. We do all sorts of things. You’ve seen senile old people on TV shows, haven’t you? As humans, there are some things we can’t do anything about.LainThings we can’t do anything about?TokoI’m not saying that you’re sick, Lain. There are things we can’t do anything about, aren’t there? We can’t flap our arms and fly, can we?LainThere are memories in the body and the brain?TokoThere are still many things we don’t understand. The human brain is made up of many different things. When something is recorded there, there is a change that takes place that becomes the foundation for memories.LainI don’t understand.TokoYeah. When you go to high school and college, you can study up on all this stuff. But it’s good that you have a healthy curiosity. I don’t think you’re sick, Lain.LainI feel that my memories aren’t my memories.TokoSure! I feel that way sometimes, too.LainEven when it’s me. But I don’t remember anything else.TokoYou’ve just forgotten something, that’s all. Didn’t I say that human beings are haphazard and unpredictable? We remember things the way we want to remember them and often forget what we want to. That’s being human. That’s normal.LainNormal?TokoYes. You dwell on things too much, Lain. All those things are normal.
TokoDo you have many memories from your childhood?LainMemories? Do you mean records?TokoWell, memories and records aren’t exactly the same. Don't think about it too much. If you’ve traveled somewhere during summer vacation…LainI haven’t traveled anywhere during summer vacation.TokoI’m sorry. In my youth, both of my parents worked, so I didn’t get to travel very much. I didn’t like it when I went back to school after vacation and other kids would ask me where I went or what I did during the summer.LainWhat’s the difference between a memory and a record?TokoFrom a medical standpoint, a record is something documented that lists exactly what happened, when and where. A memory is more subjective. It’s what you remember personally. It’s something in your mind that you can access from time to time. But Lain, doesn’t all this stuff bore you?LainNo. How does a memory enter the brain?TokoHow? That’s a pretty complicated subject. Are you sure you want to get into it?

Lain:Can't you believe me?
Lain:What does everyone think about me? Does anyone think anything about me?
Lain:It was a graduation ceremony, but I didn't want to go. Once I’m in junior high, I’ll go for sure. I promise. I won’t worry Mom anymore. You took my clothes to the dry cleaners, didn’t you, Mom? I’m sorry.
Lain:I started a game on the net. It’s called the “Mouse Game” You sell tickets to your friends and make money. But if I start making lots of money, the other players will have a grudge against me. There will be people who want to kill me then, so I have to be careful. At first I thought this was just a game, but it made me feel bad after a while, and I wanted to cry. There was a questionnaire that came with the game asking me what I thought of it, so I wrote the company telling them what I honestly thought. I guess they know who I am now and don’t like me. I’m sad. I don’t like games like that. I’d rather play a game that everyone can laugh with and enjoy together. It isn’t for me.
Toko:Do you dream? Are they fun?
Lain:You can't do that things…
Toko:Not everything can be destroyed, because whatever caused the destruction will remain.
Lain:Don't do the bad things.
Lain:Maybe Kyoko-chan is worried about me. Well…probably not.
Lain:Programs seemed difficult at first, but some of them got easier after I studied them. I have time now anyway, so I think I’ll study. It shouldn’t be any trouble. Mom and Dad won’t be there to protect me forever. I’ll borrow a book from the library tomorrow. I can study when I’m online, but if I’m online all the time, I might not be able to receive phone calls.
Lain:I surfed the net all day again today. I’m surprised at what an easy-going person I can be on the net. My name on the net is “Lain,” but it seems that they can’t tell from that that I’m a girl. If something interesting happens, I get e-mails telling me about it right away. Everybody is friendly. No one can bully me here. My eyes hurt after I stare at the monitor all day long. But for me, having my eyesight deteriorate would be a good thing.
Lain:Are you busy?
Lain:Is there a meaning to why I’m here? Does someone need me?
Toko: As usual, my client’s interest is entirely about psychiatry. Although she doesn’t have a complete lack of interest in everything else, she shows very little interest. I’ve grown a bit weary of her probing questions, but being a specialist, I’m able to answer those questions. I think that letting her ask will help her eliminate her lack of self-esteem, however. Also, comparing her case to that of a similar third party client I think that she will be able to see herself more objectively by the asking and answering of questions.
LainWho decides the names of diseases?TokoVarious doctors. But we have general criterions. We have the ICD and the DSM, which are international standards for the definition of mental diseases. We know that if a person has a certain set of symptoms, we can consult these standards and find the exact name of the disease the person is suffering from. As you know, the mind can be a difficult thing to understand. For that reason, psychiatrists have publications, and we communicate all the time, sharing our data and our understanding of mental illness. We accumulate data and categorize it so that we can diagnose patients as correctly as possible.LainThere’s mental illness you don't understand? Not even you?TokoTo tell you the truth, we don’t understand much of this at all. If there has been a successful treatment method for a patient with a certain disease in the past, we can apply that treatment method toward a patient suffering from the same disease in the present. Much of this has to do with experience.LainYou do this even if you don’t know if a person can be cured?TokoRight. You can’t tell if a person will be cured. We can only try our best to heal and help with our experience from the past. That’s usually the case. But from the point of view of the patient, knowing if one will become better is very important. In fact, the understanding of the mechanisms behind getting better is an area of study of its own.LainI see. It would be so much better if we could understand everything.
TokoYou know about neurosis? Wow, Lain. You’re going to have to start counseling me.LainI know the word, not its meaning.TokoWhat kind of image?LainThe mind changes and becomes distorted?TokoYes. You’ve got the general idea.LainThat’s awful. You won’t teach me anymore?TokoNo. I’m really telling you that you got the general idea. Neurosis is a state in which there is nothing wrong with a person physically, yet the person has irrational fears and perceives threats. This places a lot of stress on the person and makes her feel sick.LainIt’s only inside of their heads?TokoWe used to think so. But after a lot of research, we think that an imbalance of the autonomic nerves in the brain is related to it. What I mean is, something is wrong in the body, too. We used to categorize physical symptoms as psychosomatic. But we’ve been finding more and more that conditions we thought were only of the mind involve the body itself.LainPsychosomatic?TokoOh, Lain, if ask so many questions, your head is going to explode! You’ve heard about people who lose a lot of weight because of stress, or go bald? That’s psychosomatic. Lain, you don’t, by any chance…LainNo, I don’t have that kind of problem.TokoOh, I’m relieved. That was hasty of me!

Lain:Computer networks are amazing. No one can see my face from there, and I don’t feel embarrassed. I feel like I’m becoming a different me. There are so many people online, and they’re kind to me even though I’m just someone with a lot of problems. I’m so happy that people could be so kind to me.
Lain:I talked to Dad about computer connections. He went through a lot of elaborate steps to set up my computer. We worked hard for about 5 hours setting it up. Dad was reading lots of books about computers while we did it. Once we were done, Dad called Mom, and the three of us were delighted. I don’t think we felt so good together as a family in a long time. It seems like since I stopped going to school, Mom and Dad haven’t been as happy as they used to be. I’m sorry.
Lain:I named a special gift Dad got for me today. I named it Lain. She’s another me. My only friend. But when I go to junior high, I’ll make real friends. If I appear at ease and lighthearted, won’t other kids like me?
Lain:When I went to school today, Kamiya-sensei said that I would graduate, and that I don’t have to force myself to come to school. Does he not want me to be at school? Is he letting me graduate because he doesn’t want to see me? To get rid of me? I’m never going to that school again.
Lain:My teacher visited our house again today. It seems that I can go to junior high school. Mom bowed to the teacher many times. I’m sorry, Mom. If I go to junior high school, I won’t cause trouble anymore.



Touko:I want to tell you all about me.
Lain:Why are you at a loss?
Lain:Today Dad skipped work and talked with me all day. He’s a kind Dad. I wonder if I’ll make friends if I went to a different school. I wonder if school will be fun somewhere else. I wonder if I can go to the school Tomo-kun goes to.
Lain:Kamiya sensei came to my house and talked with my Mom. Mom looked frustrated. Kamiya sensei said that if I skip class any more, I wouldn’t be able to graduate. Mom and Dad were talking about it after dinner. Mom was crying and Dad looked very distressed. Am I a bad kid? I want to disappear.
Lain:How mean. Writing graffiti on my desk. As usual, Kyoko-chan won’t say anything to me. I didn’t do that. I’ve never gone out with Tomo-kun. I felt like everyone was mocking me. I don’t want to go to school anymore.

Lain:Will you hug me?
Touko:Do I know what you want to know?
Lain:Smile, a gloomy face doesn't suit you.
Lain:You are cruel.
Lain:I can’t believe what Toko-san said. Nothing will return to the way it used to be. I’m disliked. Toko-san said to keep writing in my diary. I don’t need a diary. I don’t have anything to write. Nothing has changed. I just go to school everyday as usual. I’m alone during recess and lunchtime, and no one talks to me.
Lain:Toko-san is a big jerk.
Toko: I was able to ask my client about her hairstyle for the first time today. Her hair looks like a good-luck charm. I suppose she was hearing voices even with that hairstyle, but I think that she may feel that discontinuing it would cause her to have auditory hallucinations that are even worse. It isn’t much different from the small good luck charms we put in our cars to avoid accidents. A person can have an overconfidence in good luck charms, of course, but I have no intention of asking her to change her hairstyle.
Toko: A resignation. I’ve never resigned from anything in my life. This is hard for me. I’ll lose my connection with Takeshi-san. But I think Takeshi-san said once that he’d like his wife to be at home. Why am I saying these things? Maybe the truth is that I’m not a good woman. I’m not the decent person I thought I was. Maybe I’m a fraud and my faults are coming out. I suppose I had self-control enough to manage myself so far. When I think about it, maybe I am unstable now. Lain is the one that seems to have it together. It sounds like a bad joke. I’ve failed. It’s not right for Lain to come for help from someone like me. There’s no excuse for it. It’s over when I start making mistakes concerning my work. I’ll have to discuss it tomorrow.
Toko: I got an e-mail from Harumi. It was all about her honeymoon, and it seemed like she didn’t care what was going on with me at all. That’s fine. But since you’re happy, can’t you involve me in your discussion a little? Well. Aside from Takeshi-san, Harumi and Kanako are the only people I confide in. Maybe I need more friends, but I don’t have the personality to warm up to everyone. These are all my own personal problems, after all. It’s not time to be taking care of other people. I think I’ll talk to Professor Takashima tomorrow and ask him to let me stop counseling Lain. But if I do that, I really will have nothing to do. If all I do here is petty chores, I might as well quit being here.
TokoI wanted to ask last time, but why do have that kind of hairstyle?LainIt’s weird?TokoNo, it’s great! You really look good that way. Is it a popular look at your school?LainNo. It’s just my own style.TokoYou mentioned that you want to be like other kids. Why do you have a unique look?LainIt comes from the right, and probably, that’s why it goes out of the left. That’s why...TokoIt works a little bit like a magic charm, then. I used have a magic charm, too.LainYou did, Toko-san?TokoSure. It didn’t have to do with hairstyle, but I used to have a lucky rabbit’s foot. I used to believe that it would keep me safe and happy, and I tied it to my backpack. Looking back, it seems so ghastly. To tie a little bunny’s foot to my backpack. But then again, believing in the rabbit’s foot really made me feel safer.LainA magic charm?TokoYeah. Your hair looks really good, though, Lain. If you had a hairstyle like everyone else’s, it wouldn’t be like you. I think you look great the way you are.
LainYou are a counselor and a psychiatrist, Toko-san? And a psychiatrist is someone who heals mental illnesses?TokoUh huh. Put simply, I’m a doctor of the mind. As I mentioned before, mental illness is very complex.LainWhat is mental illness?TokoBasically, a person’s mind becomes disturbed for some reason, and the person is unable to continue functioning.LainWhat sort of reason, for instance?TokoThere can be many reasons. Problems with a living environment or work environment can be reasons. Sudden, psychological shock can also be a reason. The sudden death of a well-loved pet can trigger mental illness. Sometimes people become mentally ill because of something that happens to them physically. A car accident or some other kind of physical trauma can be a cause. Also, people who drink too much can damage the function of their brains.LainAlcoholism?TokoExactly. You’ve been studying! If you drink too much the alcohol content in your blood will rise. You’ve seen drunk people wobble around without balance, haven’t you? They’re in an alcoholic stupor.LainBut normal people aren’t that way, are they?TokoNo, they can be. It takes about 24 hours for alcohol to leave the human body. If you drink a lot everyday for a year or so—if you stay drunk long enough—you’ll your perception will start to change. Your brain will start to deteriorate.LainThat’s scary.TokoIt is scary. I still have some sake now and then, though.LainIsn’t that dangerous?TokoHa, ha. Oh, a little bit. And smoking is bad too. But having a drink with friends every now and then can help relieve stress. Relieving stress is very important for the body’s health.LainI don’t understand what stress is.TokoRemember when you didn’t like coming here at first?LainYes.TokoStress is what we call the cause of that discomfort. You’re glad that the discomfort is gone, aren’t you?LainYes. What other kinds of mental illness are there?TokoCould you excuse me? I’ve been talking so much and I’m a little thirsty.
Toko:I am always “purring” around other people because I am lonely.
Lain:I have nothing to write in my diary today.
Lain:Kyoko-chan must be angry. I thought that she would go to the laboratory class with me, but she went off with Mayu-chan. It’s too late. She doesn’t like me. It wouldn’t have been like this if I had kept my mouth closed. Even when I apologized, she said, “why do I have to apologize to you?” She doesn’t like me. She really doesn’t like me.
Lain:Kyoko-chan doesn’t like me anymore? Was I the only girl that received a letter full of doodles from Tomo-kun? Why! Kyoko-chan must be angry. What should I do? I got careless and for got to buy the stationery I needed to write Tomo-kun. Dear God, please let me and Kyoko-chan be friends again. I get a little bit happy when I think that I might be special. Thank you, Tomo-kun.
Lain:Tomorrow, I’ll buy Kyoko-chan a slice of cake to thank her for taking notes for me while I was away from school. It’s been a long time since we’ve gone to fool around in the city together. Going out right after school is a no-no, but everybody else does it. Why can’t I, every great now-and-then? Oh, I’ll have to ask Mom for some money. I’d better buy Mom and Dad something while I’m out.
Toko: It’s ok for me to believe in it.
Toko: I got a phone call from Takeshi-san today! “Thanks for the chocolates,” he said! “I’m sorry that I was busy and didn’t call you back for so long,” he said! I had been so worried and worked up. I’m a pretty simple person. I’m so glad. He doesn’t dislike me. He really was just very busy.
Lain:I'm already …connected to you.
Toko: My client’s curiosities are less to do with me than they are with my profession. Clients who inquire about the psychiatric field usually do so out of their own discomfort about their illness. With this client, however, her inquiries may help in her own rehabilitation. There is an undeniable chance that learning about her own condition may intensify her worries, but I think that can be avoided in our relationship.
TokoHave you seen or heard anything since then?LainNo.TokoSee! It was a state of mind, Lain. I think that you probably won’t see them again, but if you do, don’t get discouraged. You’ll get over it gradually.LainI won’t get better right away?TokoHmm. I don’t know. How old were you when you started having problems with them?LainI was eleven.TokoSo it’s been over a year now. During that time, how often did it happen?LainI don’t remember… once.TokoSometimes, even if there doesn't seem to be an explanation for it immediately, these things may go away. But if you decide that they’ve gone away completely and become complacent, there’s a chance that they may come back. I can’t say for certain that that will happen with you, but even if you don’t see them for a while, I’d like you to continue what you’ve been doing up till now. Do you want to stop coming here, Lain?LainNo. I like seeing you.TokoThank you. I guess that there’s no problem, then. You’re doing well, but you’ll promise me that you will keep coming here?LainYes. In exchange, I want you to teach me some things.TokoWhy? For homework? Sure. You won’t believe it, but I was pretty sharp in junior high school. Ha, ha. Learning to read and write was tough, though.LainI don’t mean that. I want to know more about your work. Is that ok?TokoHmm. I don't think it’s a very good idea, but if you’re really curious, ok. Learning about things that make you curious is a great way to study. But you have to make time for your schoolwork, too. I’ll promise to teach you about my work if you promise to do your schoolwork. Can you promise me that?LainYes, I promise.TokoAnd if you break your promise…Lain and Toko togetherI’ll whack you with a blowfish!
LainGood morning, Toko-san.TokoGood morning. How are you? Have you been feeling healthy?LainUh huh. I thought about the things you talked about last month and I’ve somehow been feeling better.TokoOh, that’s great. Actually, though, it’s against the rules to talk about the things we talked about last month. In some people it can trigger something irreversible.LainIrreversible?TokoTheir sickness could worsen, and sometimes, patients can hurt themselves physically.LainSuicide?TokoWell, that would be the worst-case scenario.LainI don’t want to die.TokoOf course not! Far from it. But when people become troubled emotionally, they start to see things and act differently than you or I would.LainSee things differently?TokoThey can lose their fear of dying or hurting themselves. In fact they start to feel that dying or getting hurt are very good things. You can’t understand that, can you?LainI am afraid of those things.TokoSure! Me too. We’re the same way. That’s normal.LainOk.
Lain:But… Tomo-kun had to have written everyone in class. He couldn’t have written only me.
Lain:I’m so happy. Tomo-kun wrote me a letter. He just wrote to say that he’s doing well. I’m glad that I’m at least receiving letters, even though I can’t see the person who is writing me. I used to watch him, more than he watched me. I’m so happy to have a letter from him! I’ll have to write him back. I’ll have to get some stationery supplies to write him.
Lain:You're mean…
Toko:Stop hurting yourself.
Lain:I want to look at the sky; what can you see there?
Lain:Tomorrow will be the same.
Touko:Hey… I want to hear your voice. Call my name. I want to know more about you.
Lain:We should sleep.
Lain:Compared to my notes, Kyoko-chan’s look like a box full of toys. Her sketches of Kamiya Sensei resemble the teacher so much that I started to laugh. When I showed the sketches to Mom, she told me to stop goofing off and to do the homework I have to catch up on. Mom seems to be a different person from a week ago.
Lain:I’m back to school after a long time. I wonder if anyone was worried because I was gone. I shouldn’t have worried. I’m glad that things are still the same. I thanked Kyoko-chan for letting me read her notes. Kyoko-chan’s notes were full of goofy doodles, which was kind of fun.
Toko:You wouldn’t be able to do it.
Lain:Can you imagine that you are with me? Feel me.
Toko: It will soon be Valentine’s Day. It seems like a Japanese celebration. It makes me think. Takeshi-san didn’t even meet me on my birthday. I just received a flower delivery a week afterwards. There were no phone calls. I think he really doesn’t like me anymore. I just keep feeling let down. Here I am with some chocolate. How dumb can it all get? But this is the end. What’s the use? I give up. Tomorrow, I’ll place it in Takeshi-san’s desk drawer.

Lain:I’ve heard that men like womans who have large breasts. I wonder why. I want to ask someone, but I’m embarrassed.
Lain:Today is a Sunday. I cooked and did the laundry for Mom as a thanks for her taking care of me while I was sick. My food wasn’t so good, though. I wonder if I did the laundry ok. Dad ate my fried eggs even though I burnt hem. He’s such a good Dad. I think he might have been a bit rude to watch videos during breakfast, though. I wonder why Dad’s shorts are so large. They’re the size of my shirt. Mom’s brassiere is big, too. I wonder what that is about.
Lain:Mom has been looking after me all day. I sort of have her all to myself. I was especially happy today when Mom got me some snacks that I asked for. Thank you, Mom. I’m sorry to have worried you.
Lain:My cold hasn’t gotten better. It’s been a whole week. I’ve been taking my medicine. I don’t want to go see the doctor again. Is this just a cold? I’m sweating and I’ll have to change clothes again. I want to go to school but can’t. The human body is so inconvenient.
Lain:Being with you is like a dream.

TokoYou’re really yearning all the time, aren’t you, Lain?LainProbably…TokoI’m envious. Human perception is a wild thing. If you start feeling something, you start believing it. I don't know how to explain to anyone that I am really me. But being able to question that sense of self is a special talent.LainI don’t want a talent like that.TokoYeah. I’m sure you feel really strongly that way right now. But I feel that it can be a good thing for you too. I don't understand it well right now, but I think that if you can include and accept that as part of yourself, it would help you in the long run.LainI won’t change?TokoI don’t know. You might change naturally and stop having nightmares. If that happens, you’d be like most other kids.LainBut I won’t know if I’ve gotten better. I might have nightmares again.TokoYeah. But things will change from now on.LainWhat do you mean?TokoI mean that you’re not alone. I’m here and you can talk to me about things.LainThat’s true, Toko-san.
LainAm I sick because I came to the hospital?TokoWell, you can carry on with your life, but you’re troubled, aren’t you Lain? It’s the job of a counselor to help with that.LainAre you a counselor, Toko-san? You said before that you’re a doctor.TokoI’m a counselor and a doctor.LainHow are the two different?TokoWell, both jobs have to do with helping people with psychological problems. They’re similar in the sense that they have the same goals. But the difference is that as a counselor I care for patients differently than I do as a doctor, and that each job has different qualifications. Each job has its strengths and weaknesses, and I think it’s best when I can make their strengths compliment each other. That’s why I’m a doctor and a counselor.LainAre you a doctor or a counselor when you see me?TokoI’m a counselor. I think it’s better for me to be a counselor when I see you.LainI’m not mentally ill? You said that the things I see are hallucinations.TokoIt’s true that hallucinations and delusions are symptoms of mental illness, and this is just my hunch, but you don’t seem to be mentally ill to me.LainDo I pay too much attention to things?TokoYes, I think that’s probably right. I think your tendency to observe things and listen to thing very carefully might be stressing you out.LainWhat can I do about it, Toko-san?TokoWell… even if I told you not to mind things too much, you’re going to mind things.LainI don't mind anymore. I’m getting used to this. Still, I can't get used to that.Toko“That”?LainI’m not the me that I am right now.TokoWhat kind of Lain are you?LainI’m me. That person is, too.TokoWhy do you feel that way?LainI don’t know. Have you ever thought that you aren’t you, Toko-san?TokoLooking back on myself in the past, I’ve wondered what I was doing sometimes. But I’ve never thought at the time that I wasn’t me. Do you feel that there are two of you, Lain?LainNo. I’m me and I’m not me.TokoThat’s mysterious. But if you feel that way, that must be true for you. You don’t have to feel that you’re mistaken.LainBut it isn’t usual.
Lain:Why? Tomo-kun is moving to another school. I was surprised at first to hear that Tomo-kun and my sensei came to visit me at home. I was so embarrassed because I was still in my pajamas. I didn’t even see them. It might have been the last time I see Tomo-kun. Does Tomo-kun really like me? I doubt it. Sensei probably told him to come. I couldn’t talk to him at all. I’m a little glad and a little sad and want to cry. I couldn’t even say “good-bye.” I hate this.
Lain:I’m so happy. Kyoko-chan and Mayu-chan came to visit me at home. I’m so glad. I wasn’t disliked. They were worried about me. I hope I get over this cold soon so I can go to school. I want to take Kyoko-chan and Mayu-chan out for a treat because they took notes for me at school. I wonder if that will make them happy.
Lain:I have a cold and am taking a day off school. I’ve stayed home for 3 days now. The kids at school probably think I’m just cutting school. None of them visit me. They don’t like me.
Lain:Lately, Kyoko-chan hasn’t been talking to me. But maybe that’s just my imagination. She goes shopping with Mayu-chan. Could it be that they don’t like me anymore? Kyoko-chan seems happier when she isn’t around me. I don’t want to go to school anymore. But I’ll get scolded for that. I don’t like people getting mad at me.
Touko:Don't do bad things.
Lain:Turn off the light.It's blinding in here.
Toko: In order to alleviate her tendency to underestimate herself, I spoke to my client about ways to increase her self-confidence. Her facial expression has been hard and cold, but her personality has been easy to relate to. Because she is an intelligent client, I will have to work hard psychologically. But because she understands quickly, I expect that our sessions will be effective.
LainWhat could happen?TokoHmm. There is a delusion some people have that they are being influenced by something. The delusion that the radio or TV or cell phones are trying to influence them somehow. The delusion that TV and cell phones have the power to touch them physically. You said that you thought you were being touched by something, didn’t you, Lain?LainUh, huh.TokoIt might not even be a delusion. There is an actual medical condition that makes people very sensitive physically. But you said that you don’t feel like you are yourself, didn’t you, Lain? That makes me think that you have the delusion that nothing exists. That you think you aren’t real and that existence isn’t real. This can come as the result of poor self-esteem.LainPoor self-esteem?TokoIt’s the feeling that one is worthless. It’s similar to the delusion of persecution we were talking about.LainI’m really sick.TokoThere are other kinds of delusions.LainI don’t want to listen anymore.TokoSome people have the delusion that they have a special, unique sickness. It’s the sickness of thinking they have a sickness, when they really aren’t sick. I think that what you have, Lain, is mostly to do with this kind of delusion.LainThe sickness of thinking that I am sick when I’m not sick?TokoYes. I think that you have poor self-esteem, and that a small insecurity manifests itself in nightmares, and makes you think that you are sick.LainCan I be cured?TokoSure! After all, you’re not sick in the first place. I’m sorry to have alarmed you. Still, if you don’t understand psychiatry well, you can use it to make all sorts of misguided conclusions. You can diagnose yourself as being sick. Most people go to the doctor when they or someone they know can’t carry on their day-to-day activities. They come in to see a doctor and they are diagnosed or treated, and they are diagnosed sometimes as sick. So for someone like you, who can continue her own day-to-day activities without a problem, we can’t really say that you are sick unless something’s bad enough that you to need hospitalization.
TokoGood morning, Lain.LainGood morning, Toko-san.TokoHave you seen anything since then?LainNo, I haven’t. Honestly.TokoHave you heard anything?LainSometimes I hear something very confused.TokoVery confused? One person? More than one?LainMore than one. Men and women.TokoAre they people you know?LainProbably not.TokoYou said that you heard things from the sky. What do you think is in the sky?LainThere’s air.TokoUh, huh. And aside from that?LainClouds. The sun. The stars.TokoDo you know about the transmission of radio wavelengths for TV and cell phones?LainYes. The information travels wirelessly?TokoRight. The information flies through the sky.LainAm I hearing that information?TokoHmm. It might be that you imagine you are hearing that information.LainThere’s a sickness like that?TokoThere is. It’s called delusion. It’s a symptom of schizophrenia and neurosis. Sometimes, if you are focusing much too much on something or are getting very stressed, it can bring out those kind of symptoms. But…LainBut?TokoUsually, when people say they hear things, what they hear is more closely associated with themselves. For instance, they hear voices that bad-mouth them.LainDelusion of persecution?TokoRight. You’ve been studying up on this stuff. Ok. I’ll fill you in a little more on this. The definition of “delusion” is taking a mistaken idea and believing in your own mind that it is correct. But for you, Lain, you say that you might have felt or sensed something. A person who is really delusional tends to have conviction that his delusions are real. But you don’t have that. You have thoughts, considerations.LainConsiderations?TokoYou can forget that word if you’d like. As I mentioned before, a delusion is generally something intertwined with one’s self. There really aren’t any delusions that have nothing to do with someone personally.LainI’m not delusional?TokoFundamentally, no. Still, there are all sorts of delusions, and if you try to “pin” one of them onto someone, you may start pinning other ones on that person, too.
Lain:Eliminate that someone inside of you.
Lain:Dad bought me a computer today. He told me to use it to take classes online when I stay home from school. I’ve been doing my homework. I’ve been taking my tests. I would have to do online classes all alone. That’s sad.
Lain:Even after all these months, I can’t get used to it. I want to stop seeing these kinds of dreams. I want to become normal.
Lain:I don’t want to keep a diary anymore. The only special thing that happened today was ‘that.’ I don’t want to see it anymore. Why does that me keep drifting into my mind.
Touko:Will you hold me?
Lain:Tell me if …you like me.I like you.
Lain:These days, I haven’t been seeing them at all. Maybe I’m cured. That would make me so happy. I wonder if Dad and Mom and Toko-san will be happy, too.
Lain:Dad’s been getting home very early lately. He’s been asking a lot about school, and I’m getting a bit tired of that. Mom hasn’t been complaining as much lately. I wonder if she’s being nice because I’m becoming strange. This is sad.
Lain:That’s right. I’ll ask Toko-san about it. She’s a doctor, so I wonder if she’ll be embarrassed. But maybe she’ll think that it’s strange. I won’t ask her after all.
Lain:Today in physical education class, the kids were talking about some sexual stuff. I was embarrassed. Kyoko-chan was grinning and talking to me, and the boys were having fun. Tomo-kun is a boy, so I was a bit uncomfortable with him joining the others. Even so, I’m not able to believe that now. When will I be able to understand all of this?
ToukoSmile, a gloomy face doesn't suit you.
Lain:Does your body feel inconvenient?

Lain:Do you feel hungry already?
Toko:I spoke to my client about her vision. There is a good chance that she may develop a troubling complex by comparing herself to others, thinking that she is uniquely—and abnormally—able to see and hear better than them. At the same time, instead of just saying that she has hyperesthesia, I believe she is dealing with the kind of déjà vu that neurotic people sometimes experience. I will exclude the details, but it seems that what she perceives comes from a poor sense of reality, and her true perceptions are abandoned. Regarding her perception of time, if the client is telling the truth, there isn’t much of a problem. I don’t know what she actually sees, or whether it’s due to a physical abnormality or an abnormality of perception, but as long as her underestimation of herself persists, it will be difficult to reach any fundamental solutions. I cannot diagnose her with depersonalization neurosis just yet, but when I consider her fuzzy recollections of hallucinations, I do think she may be developing depersonalization symptoms.
TokoHello, Lain.LainI write in my diary everyday. Sometimes I don’t have much to write, though.TokoDon’t worry about it. If you force yourself you’ll just want to give up. I don’t know how many diaries I’ve had where I missed entries. Have you seen any of them since then?LainI’ve been ok.TokoReally? That’s good. There’s something I want to confirm with you today.LainWhat?TokoYou have really good eyesight, don’t you, Lain?LainReally good?TokoYou’ve had eye exams at school, haven’t you? What’s your score?LainOne-point-five.TokoYour eyesight is really even better than that, isn’t it?LainBut I wanted to have the same score as all the other kids.TokoWell there’s no point to having the examination then. At the last hospital where we used to meet, they examined your eyes, too. But they did it differently than at your school. They had a machine that measures eyesight automatically. The machine only measures as far as three-point-zero, and your score was three-point-zero. There are some kids with extremely good eyesight. The doctor in charge of your eye-exam spoke with a cancer specialist, who said he saw no problems.LainOh.TokoLain, what can you see outside the window?LainTrees and a gateway to a shrine in the distance.TokoAnd beyond that?LainBuildings.TokoAnd beyond that?LainMountains.TokoAnd beyond that?LainI can’t see anything further.TokoNothing at all?LainA purplish color that looks like a curtain.TokoThank you. I’m sorry to pepper you with all these questions. I think that you probably see the world in a different way than I do. Lain, don’t look so glum. It’s nothing to worry about. It’s not such a bad thing… I’m sorry for saying that. I guess it is bad thing for you. To see things so differently.LainI don’t know. But I think that I’m probably different from everybody else. I feel like I’m the only person who can hear and see some things. It makes me very uncomfortable. I think that I will be disliked. Is that the reason?TokoIt might be. I think that you’d have to be seen by a specialist.LainNo. I want to see you. I don’t want to see any of the other doctors here. They all scare me.TokoWhy don’t we just keep this as a secret?LainA secret?TokoUm hm. It will be our secret until you aren’t worried about it anymore.LainIs that ok?TokoI’m your big sister, remember? I’m not going to take you anywhere that you will be scared.LainToko-san.
Lain:Am I ok being me?
Lain:I’m sad and depressed and don’t want to go to school. Is it my fault that kids say mean things to me? I’m starting to cry. I can’t bring myself to start laughing right away. I’m jealous of Kyoko-chan. I suppose that if I fuss about these things, I’ll get disliked even more. Why is this happening to me? I haven’t hurt anybody. I wonder if Tomo-kun was laughing, too.
Lain:Do you like the violin?
ToukoI am already connected to you.
Lain:Time doesn't run faster or become slower.Everything is a continuous result of the moment.

Lain:Toko-san says that I don’t have to worry. Something is definitely wrong with me. That thing I saw wasn’t a dream. I know because I can see it when I’m awake, too. Something is very wrong with me.
Lain:Today I went to the library.I tried to look into difficult words that Touko used like “psychoanalysis,” “counseling,” and so on.But, I couldn't understand these words completely.Am I stupid?…I also think I say strange things sometimes.If I tell Kyoko and her friends about my trouble, they will think there's something wrong with me.It would be horrible if they felt like that.I can't talk to them about my trouble…
Lain:You feel like running? So did I.
Toko: Lain gave me a present. It was a combination present for my birthday and for Valentine’s Day coming up. She gave me cookies to go with my tea. She said that she made the cookies with her mother because she knew that I like something with my tea. I was very moved by her. What are you doing getting so moved by a client, Toko? Maybe it’s because Takeshi-san didn’t give me a birthday present. That was terrible of you, Takeshi-san. Lately I’ve been moody. I suddenly become sad or depressed. Is it because I’m getting older? But how did Lain know my birthday? Did I tell her? I don’t suppose it matters. It’s the first time I’ve received a gift from a girl, though. It’s a bit embarrassing. Thank you, Lain.

Toko: I was somehow able to reconnect with my client. Her symptoms haven’t particularly deteriorated, so I will try my best to slowly become more trustworthy.
TokoLet’s skip counseling today and just relax instead. You came all the way out here. Do you want something to drink? I cried so much that I’m thirsty.LainToko-san, I’ll start keeping my diary. Honestly, this time.TokoDon’t force yourself. You’re a kind girl.LainI’m not forcing myself. The diary is for me, after all. And the next time I hear the voices, I’ll listen to see what they are saying. Then, I’ll tell you what they said, Toko-san.TokoThank you, Lain.LainHappy birthday, by the way, Toko-san.TokoHuh! My birthday?LainI made this for you with my mom.TokoReally? I’m so happy! Can I open it?LainSure.TokoCookies! Wow. There’s some tea ready right now. Why don’t we have the cookies with some tea?LainIs it good?TokoMmm. It tastes like tea.LainYou said that you like tea, so we made the cookies that way.TokoThank you. But then we better have a different kind of tea.LainIt won’t go with your tea?TokoNo, not that it wouldn’t go with it, but it would be too bad if would couldn’t enjoy the tea and cookies as much as possible.LainShould I have made cookies with a different flavor?TokoOh, no, no. Not at all! But you took all the trouble to make such nice cookies, and I want to enjoy them as much as possible. That’s all.LainReally?TokoReally. Thanks so much, Lain.LainSensei, it hurts.
TokoI’m sorry ma’am. I can handle it from here. (pause) Lain, I’m sorry. I thought that if I didn’t come here personally, you would never see me again. I came to apologize. I think I was arrogant about my assumptions about you. Still, I wanted you to understand and to be comfortable. I just thought that if you could face your dreams and understand where they were coming from, that they would stop.LainI’m sorry, Toko-san.TokoWhy?LainI lied to you… I didn’t keep the diary.TokoThat’s ok. I told you that it was all up to you.LainYou were trying to be helpful to me.TokoThank you. I’m grateful that you feel that way. Can you forgive me, Lain?LainYes.TokoI’m so glad. I was so sad when you walked away from our session. I cried. I felt so bad. I though you didn’t like me anymore.LainToko-san, don’t cry.TokoOh.. It’s so silly of me to cry over this. I’m sorry, Lain.LainDon’t cry.TokoThese are tears of joy, Lain. I’m so glad.LainJoy?TokoYes. Tears of joy.LainI’m really happy, too. I feel so close to you.
Lain:Today, I went shopping with Kyoko.I bought an earring and a bracelet.But, I feel a little ashamed to go out with these on.Kyoko is cute, so it is no problem for her to wear these.I'm not cute, so whatever I do, it’s useless.I think I'm lost on buying these accessories…But… Kyoko said, “These suit you! You look cute!”I think it may be her flattery…But I felt happy.
Touko:Don't look at that, but what to look at now?
Lain: (talking to herself)Sleep paralysis is not scary.

Touko:Let's do that, talk together. About me.
Toko: The relationship with my client has deteriorated. My own lack of consideration is to blame. I told here that her hallucinations are an imaginary enemy. I tried to ease her worries by being lighthearted, but this backfired and hurt my client more. I must visit the client’s home to apologize to her and give her parents a status report concerning our sessions.

TokoI see. That’s probably because you are a strong person. I think I was probably weak and that I was trying to run away because of it.LainDo you think I’m trying to run away from myself?TokoI don’t think so. But you want to change yourself, don’t you?LainI just don’t want to see any more bad dreams. That’s how I feel.TokoCould it be that you don’t want to be the person who sees the bad dreams? Maybe you feel that way somewhere deep inside yourself? Could it be that you are subconsciously trying to construct a “me” that isn’t “me”?LainWhat should I do?TokoDo you think you can accept your dreams?LainAccept?TokoRight. I mean facing the “you” that you don’t want to meet or hear, and then trying to become friends with them.LainI can’t.TokoI think that all you have to do is listen to the voices. See what they are saying and see what they want to do. Face them until you understand them and expose them.LainI’m scared.TokoBut you’ve made it so far. You’re still you. You’ve never had a ghost punch you or had a voice act violently with you, right? Maybe these ghosts and voices are trying to be friends with you. Ha, ha. If you don’t see the ghosts again, great. But I if you do see them, I think that it’s important that you have a good attitude and know how to brace yourself. If the ghosts show up, just shake it off your shoulders and say, “oh, here they are again.”LainI’m leaving. I’m going home.TokoWhy? Did I say something I shouldn’t have?LainI didn’t lie to you. I didn’t see any ghosts or phantoms. You’re a big jerk!TokoLain!
TokoHow are you feeling, Lain?LainI’m doing ok. How about you, Toko-san?TokoPretty much as always. I could use a little more time to relax a little, though.LainYou’re very busy?TokoYes… Ha, ha. Now our roles are reversed. I feel like you are counseling me.LainHa, haTokoHa, ha. By the way, what did you decide to do about the diary?LainI decided to keep a diary.TokoWow, that’s great! I didn’t waste my money right before payday.LainI’ll pay you for the diary.TokoI’m joking, I’m joking. But I get paid well anyway. For the money I earn, the diary may have been a bit cheap. Oh, no. This isn’t good. I’m just yacking on about myself.LainBut you’re funny, Sensei. You’re a lot of fun.TokoHa, ha. Well, why don’t we begin? Let’s pick up where we left off last time. Have you learned the word “ego” at school?LainUh huh. I looked into it. It’s about knowing that you are yourself?TokoRight. People around your age can get unsure about that. They ask themselves “what kind of person am I?” Boys sometimes think that they are heroes and that they will accomplish some superhuman feat someday. Girls sometimes imagine that they don't belong with their own families. They think instead that they are members of a rich elite family, and that a prince on a white steed will come one day to take them away. Kids your age sometimes believe these things for real.LainI don’t feel that way. I think that I’m just me.TokoBut It’s hard to tell what you are just by yourself, isn’t it? When I was younger, I thought that there was a different me, and that somehow I wasn't the person I was at the time.LainA different me?TokoYes. For example, if there was something happening that I didn’t like, I wondered why I had to be the one dealing with it. I thought there had to be some kind of mistake. I thought that someday I would return to the real me. I also thought things like, if there was a big earthquake, everyone would die, but I would be the only survivor. I thought that I was someone special; someone “chosen.” In another words, I believed in a “me” that could not be. It’s funny, isn’t it?LainI don’t believe that I’m anyone chosen. I’m ok with being ordinary.
LainHello, Toko-san.TokoHello, Lain. Ok, from today we’re going to really tackle what’s bothering you, Lain-chan. I’m sorry. I mean Lain. We’re going to try to figure things out so you don’t see nightmares anymore.LainUh, huh. I haven’t seen nightmares much lately, though. Sometimes I hear things, though.TokoHear things? Like what?LainI don’t know. It sounds like someone talking. I don’t like hearing it, so I try my best to ignore it.TokoHmm. Do you know whose voice you hear?LainI don’t know. It can be a man’s voice or a woman’s voice.TokoWhere do the voices seem to come from?LainFrom the sky.TokoThe sky? From what part of the sky?LainFrom the electric lines. Somehow…TokoThe electric lines… Do you know what’s in side of electric lines?LainWiring that carries electricity.TokoRight. They carry electricity that comes from power plants. Do feel like you sense electricity?LainI don't really know. Sometimes it seems to come from the sky; not the electric lines.TokoAre you bothered by it right now?LainNo. I’m not scared now. But…TokoWhen you told your mother, did she tell you not to tell anyone else about these things?LainUh huh.TokoPeople who don’t hear these things would think strange things about you if you told them, huh? You don’t have to worry about telling me anything you want to. You don’t have to worry. Ok? I’m not going to think strange things about you.LainBecause I’m sick?TokoNo, Lain. Let’s see. You know about “kanashibari?”LainWhen a ghost comes out and you can’t move your body?TokoRight. Have you ever had that happen to you?LainMany times.TokoIt was frightening, wasn’t it?LainUh, huh.TokoDo you know why kanashibari happens?LainWhy?TokoThe human body is very mysterious. When you’re sleeping, there are times when your mind is awake, times when your body is awake. Do you understand?LainSort of…TokoWell, that’s good enough for now. What parts of you are awake right now?LainMy body and my mind.TokoHmm. Suppose I said something really scary right now and you feel scared enough to run out of this room. What would you do?LainI think I would run out of this room.TokoOk. Suppose that you feel so scared that you want to run out of this room, but your body is asleep and you can’t move. That’s what kanashibari is. So if you’re having a nightmare but your body is asleep and you can’t move, you are having kanashibari. You see? If you know what’s involved, it’s not so scary, is it?LainNo. It isn’t.
Lain:Someone is always watching you… Is it me?
Lain:Diary? What should I write? What should I write about myself?Today I woke up and went to school and attended class.After school, I went to Touko to talk with her.She said that keeping a diary is good for me.This is to be read by only myself, so I don't have any idea what to write.…I came home and ate dinner and watched TV and took a bath…And now, I'm writing this diary…Reading this makes me blush!Keeping a diary may be tough to deal with.I want to give it up.
Lain:There's bell ringing.Somebody will try to connect to you soon.
Toko: Mainly, we talked about auditory hallucinations. She believes that she hears voices from electric lines. She says that the voices she hears are not related to her. This could be categorized as a delusion of physical influences, but the symptoms didn’t seem serious enough to be called full-blown delusions. Her being “able to hear from phone lines and electric lines” seemed instead to be childlike theories. She’s an intelligent and sensitive girl, and probably creates her own hallucinations. However, regarding the fact that she has hallucinations only during the day makes her very unusual. Although I don’t think my client is lying, but she says that she very rarely hallucinates while she is talking to her friends. Most likely, references to time and place become fuzzy in her mind, and she is either confusing separate experiences, or she may have just been talking to her friends in her dreams.
Toko: My client has found her own diagnosis and has been studying it on her own. She must have a considerable amount of fear concerning her illness. Having the ‘label’ of mental illness pasted on you causes you to be stigmatized by society. She may need to deal with this. I am rethinking the how the mentally ill are viewed by society. In our last session, I tried to eliminate her concerns about feeling that she is mentally ill. As a result, I think I was able to secure some trust in our relationship.
Toko: She seems to be cautious about with mother. And as far as she’s concerned, her hallucinations are real. She may be mistrustful of her mother because her mother does not accept that her hallucinations are ‘real.’ At this point, I don’t know if the hallucinations are due to some warped sense of perception, or if they are entirely imaginary. There are times when it is difficult to tell. Concerning the ‘vision’ the client saw floating in mid-air, they were most likely imaginary, opposed to being shapes of monsters formed by the shadows on the walls and curtains at night, etc. Could it be that she has developed a system of sensing without perceiving? I would like permission to examine her cerebrospinal fluid.
TokoThere are many people who have had experienced kanashibari, but we don’t call them “sick.”LainBut…TokoHmm… there might be only a few people who have experienced what you have. Still, I don’t think you should be called “sick” just because of your experiences. A lot of things can happen to a person while she’s young and impressionable.LainBut I’m scared and I hate this.TokoWhat are the scariest parts of your dreams?LainI start to feel that I don’t need myself. I feel that I am an unneeded thing.TokoYou “don’t need” yourself?LainI feel that I am being told to come back because I’m unneeded.TokoCome back? Come back where?LainTo myself.TokoHmm. This is hard to understand. You want you to come back to yourself?LainI don’t know. But for a person like me to be me, and to touch body, feels like I’m being torn…Toko(interrupting) And it’s painful?LainIt isn’t painful, but it’s frightening.TokoI see. Does this happen when you’re asleep?LainProbably.TokoProbably? This happens sometimes when you’re not dreaming?LainI don't know. Sometimes it happens when I’m just sitting by myself, and sometimes when I’m talking to my friends.TokoTell me what happens when you’re not alone. This happens when you’re just having conversations?LainYes. While I’m just talking, it suddenly…TokoHow do you notice it? Do your friends call out to you?LainSuddenly…TokoIs there something that triggers it?LainI was afraid, and I felt better after staying motionless for a while.TokoCan you explain what it felt like, or what you saw? Could you draw a picture?LainNo, I can’t.TokoI see… Oh! We have to end. I’m sorry, Lain. I have to go out and take care of some things today. I’m sorry to have to stop right in the middle of our appointment. But it’s good for now that you can’t see these things. I think that what you experience probably has something to do with kanashibari. I’ll do some research on it until next month. That’ll be my homework. Your homework will be keeping a diary.LainA diary?TokoI want you to write about the things you did during the day, and what you thought about. You don’t have to show it to me. Just write what you want. I used to keep a diary when I was your age.LainBut…TokoYou don't want to? It can be really interesting to look back on the things you write in your diary. We can be forgetful, so it can help you remember things, too.LainThat will cure me?TokoHmm. That probably doesn’t have anything to do with it. It can’t hurt, though. I’ll explain more carefully next month. I don’t mind if you don’t want to keep a diary. I went and bought you a diary book, though. See? It’s cute, isn’t it? I found it when I went shopping last week, and I thought it would be a nice present for you.LainThank you.TokoBut don’t force yourself. You don't have to keep a diary just because I bought you one. Feel free to write in the diary if you want to, though. Well I guess we’ll wrap it up, then. Make sure you’re not forgetting anything. I’ll walk out to the corner with you.
LainWhat bothers me is that I have nightmares, I see strange things, I feel that someone is touching me when no one is there. I have symptoms of schizophrenia.TokoSchizophrenia? Where did you hear a word like that? Who said that to you?LainI looked it up in a book.TokoLain, it’s a good things to study hard, but it’s dangerous to go digging around and diagnosing yourself when you aren’t sick. Have you heard the expression “a lot of how sick you feel depends on what you think about it?”LainActually I haven’t.TokoOh? Anyway, if you start diagnosing yourself, you’re going to start believing that you have all sorts of things wrong with you.LainBut I wanted to know what’s wrong with me. I wanted to understand.TokoI see. I understand. I think you’re intentions are right. But I’d like to ask something of you. Please don’t go around imagining and concocting… searching, for things that you think are wrong with you. Can I ask that of you?LainThen will you help me find what’s wrong?TokoOf course I will. So let’s make a promise. I will tell you everything I understand about you. I won’t hide anything from you.LainIf you lie can I cut off your finger?TokoHmm… you can do something even worse. You can hammer a nail into my head.LainYou’re goofy, Sensei.TokoSeriously, though, I really want to help you. I’m an only child, and I always wished I had a younger sister—someone like you, Lain.LainYou’re my big sister then?TokoI’d be happy if you saw it that way.LainI will.TokoThank you. Anyway, let’s end for today. You’re tired aren’t you?LainUh, uh. But I’ll do what you asked me to do, Sensei.TokoGreat! Hee, hee. Actually, I’m the one who’s tired.LainYou’re tired of me?TokoNo, no! Don’t think that. I’ve had a lot of other work to do today, too. I like you and I’ll miss you until we meet again, Lain.LainThat makes me feel better.TokoLet’s end now, then. It’s getting late and we don’t want your mother to worry.LainGoodbye, Toko Sensei.TokoGoodbye, Lain-chan.LainJust call me Lain. It’s a bit weird for a “big sister” to call me Lain-chan.TokoOk then, goodbye, Lain.LainGoodbye.
TokoHello, Lain.Lain(in a soft voice) Hello.TokoHmm. You don’t sound so energetic. Maybe you don’t feel up for this. Why don’t we quit now? Ok? But since you came all the way out here, how would you like a cup of tea or something? What would you like? Don’t be shy.LainI want to talk.TokoYou don’t have to force yourself. That might make you feel even worse. Take my word for it.LainI want to be cured.TokoCured…but you’re not sick, Lain.LainBut this is a hospital isn’t it?TokoWell, this place can function as a hospital, but I see patients at my research room as well. Right now, I don’t know if you are really sick or not. My hunch is that you are probably not sick, Lain. Still, if you aren’t feeling well or are worried about something, I’d like to be able to help you.LainI’m not sick?TokoRight now, I’m not completely sure, but you’re probably just fine. Even if you are sick, I’ll make sure that you are cured.LainYou’re absolutely sure you can cure me?TokoAbsolutely. I will not let you be sick.LainSensei, why are you so kind to me? Is it because it is your job?TokoHmm… You’re right that this is a part of my work. But it’s a type of work that’s hard to see as just work. Most of the time, I see patients, diagnose them as objectively as possible, and give them psychological treatment, but it isn’t enough to make them better. I’m a researcher as well as a doctor. If I see someone suffering, I must try and help that person. I want to do everything I can to help that person.LainYou would do that for anybody?TokoTo be specific, if I see someone suffering from something for which the cause is physical and obvious, I refer that person to a specialist. If there is a car accident or a poisoning, that's what I would do. Do put it simply, I’m not the kind of doctor who treats people who have something wrong with them physically.LainSo I have…TokoI can’t tell for sure without doing a close examination, but I know that you had an examination before you came here and that no problems were found. And just by talking to you here, Lain, you don’t seem to have anything wrong with you at all. But I have to have you talk to me and tell me much more about what’s going on with you I can’t really help you with what’s bothering you.
Lain:I can feel you. It's true.
Toko: Lately, Takeshi-san has been acting strangely. When I call, he always says that he’s busy. I understand if he’s busy with work, but I wish he weren’t so cold with me. And why did he decide not to see me on my birthday? I’d hate to say, “is your work more important than me?” but I’m starting to want to say it. I’m 27 years old, Takeshi-san. You were very happy with me when I passed my examination. Lately I don’t even see you at the research lab. It worries me. I hope it’s all my imagination. Things seem to be getting gloomy for me. Things haven’t been going very well. I’m going to bed. The more I think about this stuff, the more uneasy I get.
Toko: I wonder how many times I’ve met with Lain up till now. It seems that she sometimes has hallucinations, but they don’t seem to be developing further. I think that seeing hallucinations must be a very difficult thing for her. She’s not the kind of child that should have a gloomy personality. I wonder if she is getting a hard time at school. Her mother told me that she isn’t being bullied. When I mention school, Lain tends to become quiet. Maybe I should ask some of her friends at school how she’s doing. I think the kind of bullying that happens in schools now is different from the kind that took place when I was younger. I wish I could help you, Lain. I feel depressed when I see Lain. It can’t be helped when I get depressed, but it’s just at those times that Professor Takashima complains to me about trifling matters. Ahh! Tomorrow I have the day off. I’ll go on the town and relax.
Toko: Making a hasty diagnosis is taboo, but thinking of the worst, I think I should obtain cerebrospinal fluids as soon as possible. May I have your permission, please?
Toko: My diagnosis at the hospital is affecting my client. She was emotionally hurt when she found out that the Rorschach’s test was in fact a tool used to examine her. This wasn’t severe to the extent of a “mind-rape,” but I did hurt her in our session today. This has made me realize that I must be discrete when bringing up the theme of disease. I explained to her my role as a counselor, and my hopes to be helpful to her, and regained some trust from her. I hope that in our future sessions, she will develop some goals of her own concerning counseling.
Toko: In the client’s response, a good understanding of language could be found. However, this is not related to disease. It displays the client’s strong ability to use language. The client differentiated physical activity from physical education, stating that the latter is an “undertaking.” In school and group activities, the two can be compared quite conspicuously. The fact that she says she likes physical exercise but not physical education may have to do with her lack of self confidence.
LainIt’s because I’m weird…ToukoWait a second Lain. You’re not a weird kid at all. Everyone thinks they’re weird when they’re kids...LainBut you’re wrong.ToukoDo you dislike being different from others?LainI’m not sure.ToukoOkay? Lain is Lain because she is different. You have a very strong imagination, and that’s a good thing. So don’t say that you're weird. I don’t think that at all.LainBut… the test…ToukoI’m sorry… but you’re troubled, right? I want you to not to be troubled. In order to help you, I have to know more about you. I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.LainWhat should I do?ToukoRight now you don't need to do anything. Since you and I are friends, if we keep talking, I’ll slowly start to understand more and more about you. So, if I say, “I think you should come over,” it would be good for you to think, “That sounds nice, okay.”... So right now, it’d be best if you tell me all about yourself.LainYou won’t tell anyone?ToukoNope, it’ll be our secret.LainNot even your friends, or your mother?ToukoI promise. If I lie, one thousand needles!LainOne thousand needles?ToukoDon’t kids your age know that? When I was a kid, whenever we made a promise, we said, “If I break the promise, I will drink 1000 needles.”LainWouldn’t that hurt?ToukoA lot!!... Right! How many needles are in my stomach right now? Miss Iwakura?...Lain… five thousand?ToukoWrong! Yesterday, since I went to the bathroom and flushed everything out, there’s zero!LainSensei, that's gross!...
TokoDo you want to talk about something fun? Do you like to take a bath or a shower?LainI like showers.TokoReally? I prefer baths, but I don’t get a chance to take them much at home. It’s a bit of a hassle to prepare for a bath, too. I usually take showers, but I take a bath on my days off. Don’t you like the way a bath feels?LainI’m afraid of being in hot water.TokoYou don't like to get wet?LainNo.TokoThen, what are you afraid of?LainI’m not really sure. It feels like I’m being touched all over by something.TokoHmm… the water does touch the skin.
ToukoI’m sorry about last time… but I’m relieved.I was worried that you didn’t like me and wouldn't come anymore.Lain…I’m sorry.ToukoThere’s no reason to apologize.I was the one who asked you a bad question.Can you forgive me?…thank you.So I thought we could work with this today. Can we talk about this?LainThey had that at the last hospital.ToukoReally? I wanted to play with this.LainWhat kind of test is it?ToukoAmazing Lain! Do you know about it?They call this a Rorschach Test.This isn’t really a test.Think of it as a game.LainBut that’s boring.ToukoHmm… I guess so.If you think it's boring, we'll stop the test.How’s that?LainOkay.ToukoOkay. What do you see?LainA splotch.ToukoUm, right.But does it look like anything?LainWhat do you see?ToukoMe? Hmm… a person’s face, I think.LainIs it angry? Is it also crying?ToukoIt looks a little angry.LainThis is boring.ToukoLain…Right. A promise is a promise. Let’s stop.
Toko: Why do I have to do all these chores? This has nothing to do with the Labor Standards Act. Am I being bullied? Is my Japanese strange because I’m drunk? Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! Damn it! bald-headed Takashima bastard with the blinding shiny bald head!
Toko: Oh, I’m so sick of all this work! I really dislike Professor Takashima. There are other researchers he could delegate to. I’ve been irritable lately. I haven’t been able to see Takeshi-san, there have been no new extensions of counseling work, and I’ve been doing menial chores. All these things are putting me on edge. Nothing seems to be going well. It’s no good if I become cranky. I’m a counselor. I’m sorry, Lain. I have to think of my work outside of counseling as part of my work, too. I have to do what I have to do and have it recognized. Otherwise, I’ll fail. Now that I think of it, Halloween will be coming soon. Back in America, people preparing for Halloween made everyday feel like a festival. Those were good days. I guess there won’t be Halloween or Christmas either this year.
Toko: Matters for special mention: The client’s tendencies disturb me. Her light reflexes were tested at the hospital. She may have Adie’s syndrome. Together with active auditory hallucinations and paranoia, she may have early onset general paralysis, although very unlikely.
Toko: I became emotional at Harumi’s wedding. I’ve never seen her look so pretty. She said she was going on her honeymoon to have a baby right away. I’m glad that she seemed so happy. I love to see wedding dresses. Weddings in churches are so romantic. There were over 100 invited people attending the reception. I’ve never been to such a large wedding crowd. Oh, when will I be as happy as Harumi? It was unfortunate that although there were many people at the wedding who knew each other, there weren’t many people for me to talk to. And Takeshi-san couldn’t come. Kanoko couldn’t, either. I know that people living in a society like this have a lot of things they have to do, but I feel that they should make time to go to their friend’s wedding. Ah, well. I shouldn’t complain. I’d want all my friends to attend my wedding. I guess I really do want to get married.
Toko: The client is very cooperative and our sessions have been going smoothly. However, somewhere within her, she still is very cautious around me, and it is difficult to discuss her problems. We had some extra time, so I proposed that we play a simple game. She turned me down, and we went directly into our session. She takes much curiosity in me, an outside observer, but I think this has to do with her cautiousness around me. She plays with dolls at home, and seems to have a complex associated with them. She has few friends, and playing with dolls is her way of dealing with her loneliness.

Lain:Come near me. I want you to feel me.
LainWhat is college like?TokoYou’re in junior high school now aren’t you, Lain? So if you’re in junior high and want to keep studying, you go to high school, right? College is where people go if they want to keep studying after high school.LainDo you like to study, Sensei?TokoI didn’t used to. But I went to America as an exchange student when I was in junior high school, and I started to feel differently then.LainYou were an exchange student. Wow!TokoAt the time, I just went because my parents wanted me to. But people have different ways of seeing things in other countries, and I learned a lot from that. Looking back, it was a lot of work, and at first, I didn't feel good about it, but now I’m really grateful that I was able to be an exchange student. I learned English, too.LainThat’s amazing, Toko Sensei!TokoOh, it’s not so amazing. There are lots of people who have studied much more than I have. I’m really a pretty lazy person. I liked to fool around, really. It’s boring to just study, isn’t it? Do you like to study, Lain?LainNot really.TokoWhat subjects don’t you like?LainJapanese and physical education.TokoI see. So you don’t like exercise.LainNo, I don’t like physical education.TokoYou like exercise, then?LainYes.TokoWhat kind of exercise do you like?LainThe metal beam.TokoWow! I used to like running, but I was never good at the metal beam. I would spin around and get too dizzy.LainI like to spin around.TokoBoth frontwards and backwards?LainYes, both.TokoWhat don’t you like?Lain(silence)TokoYou don’t have to answer if you don’t want to. But, what kind of study do you like? I'm sorry. Are you tired? Why don't we end early today?
ToukoHello Lain, have you been well?LainYes, and you?ToukoYes, I’ve been fine. I’m a bit tired though.LainTired?ToukoYes, I’ve been pretty busy.LainWith what?ToukoHmm, well... At least talking with you like this is something I can look forward to.LainReally?ToukoReally! What shall we talk about today… What do you want to talk about Lain?LainI want to talk about you, doctor. We weren’t able to last month.ToukoI’d rather talk about you, Lain; not about myself, though. But you’re right, it’s only fair that we both get to talk about what we want, so this time we’ll talk about me, but next time we’ll talk about you Lain, is that all right?LainOK!ToukoI’m not sure where I should start though... My name is Younera Touko, I’m 27, I’m a doctor at the Tokyo Research Institute for Psychotherapy… That’s this place. Ah, we won’t get anywhere like this. You know, I’m used to listening people talk, not used to talking myself. Is there anything you’d like to know Lain?LainHow did you become a doctor?ToukoI studied a lot at a place called a university. I wrote something called a thesis, and with that I received my degree to become a doctor.
Toko: Kanako said that she though the freedom and liberation of American living had rubbed off on me. I was a bit embarrassed to hear that. Looking at the postcard photo from Harumi’s honeymoon, I laughed. I’m jealous, though I pretend not to be. Kanako said that she still has no plans of getting married. I hope that she doesn’t proclaim all of a sudden that she will get married, like Harumi did. What will I do when Kanako gets married? I’ll be too sad. Takeshi-san, what’s going on with you?
Toko: Today I met with Kanako for the first time in 5 years. She didn’t seem different at all. She’s quite a career woman. But she does seem a bit relaxed compared to 5 years ago. Let me leave it at that. On the other hand, Kanako said that I’ve changed a lot. She said that I used to be difficult to approach, but that I seem gentler now. Is that really true? So she used to think that I was difficult and cold? Grrr! She’ll have no forgiveness from me.
Toko: Argh! I haven’t written in my diary for days. I’m not entirely slothful about it, but what’s the point of keeping a diary if I don’t write in it everyday? Things should be easier for me this week because Professor Takashima will be away. I want to go do some shopping! I need to buy a present for Harumi, too. I wonder if Takeshi-san will go with me. He’ll won’t mind doing a little shopping with me, will he?
Toko: Today was very busy. I was able to have lunch with Takeshi-san, though. He didn’t look well today. He seemed fidgety and said that he didn’t have much time. I wonder if he’s very busy in the research room where he works. Could it be that he doesn’t like me anymore? That couldn’t be it, could it? He said that he can’t go to Harumi’s wedding with me. I wanted to show him off to Harumi so much. It’s too bad. I wonder if he is being cautious with me because I have wishful thinking about marriage. I’ve heard that that sort of thing can happen. But I wanted to at least have a relaxed lunch with him. If he’s busy though, there’s nothing I can do. You just have to hang in there, Toko. I don’t want to be thought of as a selfish person, either. But if Takeshi-san no longer likes me, I don’t think I could continue living. Well, that’s not completely true. It’s too bad that I can’t see him for two more weeks. Proceed carefully, Toko.
Toko: Clinical notices from last session: First, concerning this case, I want to treat her as a therapist as opposed to a psychiatrist. Therefore, I will treat Iwakura Lain as my client from now on. One of the reasons for this is that she is still 12 years old and is emotionally sensitive. I do not want to make her feel that she is sick. In fact, from the results of her last clinical visit, the extent of what she is troubled from is nightmares and psychological damage associated with it. Although during sessions with her, psychological discomfort can be detected, she is able to ask and answer questions without a problem. I see no reason to advocate objections to my conclusion that she is sick, but at this point, I would like to treat her as someone without a mental illness. One more thing: Because I am both a psychiatrist and a counselor, my job is selecting the best position possible for my patients. When counseling her in the future, if I detect symptoms of mental illness, I would have to treat her as a psychiatrist. Of course, there’s a good chance that I myself will continue to treat her. In order to honor my research and keep it objective, I may want to ask a third party to continue to treat her clinically. In the meanwhile, I will continue to work with her in a research setting. This may be an exceptional situation at this research center, but I would like to proceed with it.
Toko: At this stage, I thought it would be a bad idea to ask her about her symptoms in a teasing fashion. I was unable to find details concerning her symptoms. However, she generally seems to be a clever and relaxed girl. Her mother showed me a painting she did in school. It was very well painted, and showed a high level of artistic sensibility. However, I could not find any specific points that might assist it analyzing her psychologically. At this stage, she appears to be at a delusional state, but there seems be a very good chance that she is a normal child. One point from her physical examination struck me. Her vision is excellent. Her standard light reflex is lower than the standard range. However, I have not seen in her the type of dermatological or anemic problems that are common for her age.
Toko: Although her affect is flat, she appears like any other healthy child when she smiles. She sometimes gets tongue-tied, but not to the point where communication with her becomes impossible. She seems calm and reserved. She understands my questions without a problem, and is capable of answering them. She doesn’t seem to have problems with her attention span, concentration, orientation, clarity of thought, and expression of emotions, but hinders when asked about her symptoms.
ToukoSo, how’s school?LainNormal.ToukoBy normal you mean? Not interesting, not boring, just normal?LainYes…ToukoHow about friends?LainI have friends.ToukoDo you often play with them?LainYes, but everyone’s busy with cram school. The only place I go is here…ToukoDon’t you want to learn something? Calligraphy, or take swimming lesso… ooohhh…LainIt’s ok; don’t worry about it.ToukoI’m sorry…LainI’d rather stay at home than go out and do something.ToukoWhat do you do at home?LainThat’s a secret.ToukoAw, that’s mean. You won’t tell me.LainBut I’m ashamed.ToukoAre you doing things you’re ashamed of?LainMaybe…ToukoNow I want to know! Ah, so be it… But I’d really like to know…LainIf I don’t tell you is that bad?ToukoI’d be glad if you did tell me.LainI talk to my stuffed animals.ToukoHa, ha, is that it? That’s completely normal. I knew it.LainKnew what?ToukoHa, ha, never mind! I used to have a stuffed animal I loved…LainWhat kind of stuffed animal?ToukoA dragon I got at the bank. Weird huh?LainWhy is that weird?ToukoWell, aren’t girls supposed to play with cute stuffed animals? It wasn’t even a stuffed animal… it was a piggy bank dragon. But I still treasured it. I called it Ta-chan and talked to it all the time.LainMe too. I talk to my animals. Is that normal?ToukoThat’s normal! Do I look weird to you??LainNo…ToukoYou’re the same as me, Lain, we’re not weird at all!
Girl-1By the way, I recently found a super tasty cake!Girl-2Really? I love chocolate.Girl-1Believe me, it’s really good.
LainAre there different kinds of milk as well?ToukoThat’s right; although they’re basically all they same, depending on how they’re prepared there are different kinds.LainDifferent kinds?ToukoYes, in tea too. Depending on the way the leaves are dried and the way the tea is poured, the same leaves can be very different.LainPeople too?ToukoHmm?LainAre there different kinds of people as well?ToukoHmm, well, rather than kinds, each person is different in his or her own way. For example, you don’t like tea, but there are also people like me who love it. There are also people whose stomach gets upset when they drink milk, but there also those whose stomach doesn’t get upset right? However, there also people who when they grow up, learn to drink it. Lain, you’ll probably will learn to drink tea you know. It’s not a good thing, nor a bad thing. It’s normal that there are different kinds of people. That’s why you can just ignore rather you should be proud of your uniqueness I think!LainBe proud of it?ToukoI’m sorry... That’s right, you worry, don’t you? You don’t have to boast about it, but there’s no need to mind what other people think is what I meant to say.LainI have weird dreams, is that different too?ToukoYou may think its different, but in fact that’s normal. If you’re worried about that, I might be able to help. Not to help you stop having those dreams, but rather helping you to explain things you don’t understand. If you come to me with your problems, I’d be really happy. You know, I’ve studied a lot to help you answer those kinds of questions; I’m still studying actually. If you’re ever in trouble or something, and should you want to come and talk to me, that’d be OK. I’d like to know more about you Lain. Would that be OK? I’m so glad! Starting today you and I are friends! Please come and play sometime! Promise?LainI’d like to ask you things as well!ToukoYou can ask me anything you want. If I don’t know the answer I’ll look up the answer for you. I’ll even prepare your favorite drink.LainWhat’s that??ToukoMilk that doesn’t upset your stomach!
Toko: I met Lain for the second time today. She looked right at me and called me “sensei.” That made me feel good, and I blushed. I wonder if I’ve become transparent to her already. I must be an inexperienced counselor if I blush just because I’m called a sensei. From the first time I met Lain, I had an unusual sense about her. I wonder what that was. When I look at her eyes, I feel as though she can see right through me. I wonder if she feels that I am someone that can help her. I don’t remember myself being as relaxed as Lain when I was her age. She seems very composed. A 12-year-old is still a child, but Lain seems like an adult. They say that kids are all getting precocious these days. I guess times are changing. Ah! Now I’m talking like an old woman. Don’t let any hallucinations beat you, Lain! I’m going to make you well.
Toko: Oh, I feel so good. Getting together with him after all this time. I think I’m getting a bit lewd. But I think it’s ok to feel this way. I really feel loved. It feels more natural than it felt when I was in America with him. If I get married to him, I want to feel just like this.
Toko: I had dinner with Takeshi-san today. Because we hadn’t seen each other for such a long time, I had a lot to talk about. I talked so much that Takeshi-san was surprised. Takeshi-san couldn’t get off work during Golden Week, so we couldn't see each other then. I thought I would be a little sulky, but once I saw Takeshi-san’s face, I lightened up. He laughed and listened to all my stories. He even gave me flowers to congratulate me for passing my examination. It’s so true that women love to receive flowers! I want this happiness to last forever.
Toko: The physical appearance of the client at the first session. Her figure is short and thin. The only feature that stood out was her hairstyle. She has grown out the tuft of her hair on just one side of her face and tied it in a bundle. I don’t think it’s a popular style at school, but it seems to be her individual style. According to her mother, she enjoys having her hair that way. Understanding the reason for her hairstyle may guide me in understanding her. I will look into this in the future. She has a calm demeanor, and her skin is fair. There is otherwise nothing left to mention.
Toko: According to her mother at home, Lain has very frightening dreams. They are not ordinary dreams. They are very realistic and almost hallucinatory. She visited the hospital for this reason. Regarding the nature of the dreams, it seems that Lain doesn't elaborate much about their contents, but she says that she sometimes hears incomprehensible voices out of nowhere, that she is suddenly awakened and forced to watch a video. She sometimes plays in the park, and suddenly finds herself alone when she thought other kids were around. These seem to be childhood imaginary fears. In the future we will address these symptoms. I hope for a recovery. It might be possible. Fundamentally, even if that does not occur, she may be able to manage life at home. However, what her mother said that concerned me was her hallucinations. I will try to pinpoint the cause of these symptoms in our counseling sessions.

7th of July, 2pm, 2nd sessionToukoCome on in.LainTouko, Touko, hello.ToukoHello, LainLainHello.ToukoIt’s almost the summer holidays! Are you looking forward to them?LainNot especially.ToukoLet’s see here, today, today I’d like to play a game with you Lain, that’s why I brought this.LainWhat’s that?ToukoIt’s oil painting set. Do you like picture Lain?LainI don’t like paintings... Maybe...ToukoI see… Well, do you know tic-tac-toe?LainI know it, but I don’t want to play thatToukoI… I’m sorry. I’m a bit frazzled today. Well, do you have anything you want to do Lain?LainI’d like to talk some moreToukoWhat do you want to talk about?LainWhatever. About you.ToukoAbout me? Well… I’m not that interesting you know.LainYes, you are.ToukoNo really, I’m not that interesting. But look, I’m already 27, if we talked about me we’d have to start all the way at the beginning and it’d take forever! And really, it’s not a very interesting story at that.LainWhat kind of doctor are you?ToukoWhat kind of doctor you ask? Well, I help people like you who worry about certain things, and listen to their stories. And I give them advice to help fix their problems. You understand?LainAh… I thought soToukoWhat’s wrong? If you’re not feeling well, or you’re not comfortable please tell me, you can be honest with me. I should be more careful really. You shouldn’t worry so much. Just relax, come and have a nice talk with me once a month.LainOkay…
LainThat smells good.ToukoHere you go.How is it? Looks as if you don’t like it, huh? Too bitter? What if you add some sugar? Well, how about if you add some milk? It might take away the bitterness. Or I can get you something else?LainI don’t like milk.ToukoAh, sorry. I didn’t know... Well, how about if I get some juice for you?LainI’m sorry...ToukoThat’s all right; I probably couldn’t have had green tea either at your age. You said that there are lots of different kinds of tea right? If I don’t like it, I don’t like it. Of course, that doesn’t mean I can’t drink it, but different kinds of tea have different flavors right? What do you like, Lain? Why don’t you like milk?LainIt upsets my stomach.ToukoHa, ha, truth be told, when I was a child I had the same problem. Especially when the school lunch included milk, I can drink milk now though.LainI can’t drink it, but I really love it...ToukoHow about milk that doesn’t upset your stomach? Would that be all right?LainWhat’s it called?ToukoI forgot what it’s called, but it’s milk that doesn’t upset your stomach. I have it for kids like you Lain, who are like me as a kid and can’t drink milk. If you talk about it with your mother, I’m sure she’ll look for it for you.
ToukoSo… Mrs. Iwakura, please wait here in the antechamber.Lain, you don’t have to worry so much.Please sit down there.Ah… do you want some juice or something else to drink?It’s OK if you don’t worry so much.Let's see.I'm thirsty, so I'm going for tea… mind to follow me?Because it will look funny if only I drink it.Thank you.Which one should it be?We have many to choose from.LainThe same as you.ToukoGreen tea?Got it.Just a moment…You put in the sugar and milk by yourself, OK?Here you go.So where should we start?How is this…? Earl Grey tea, I really love it.LainEarl Grey?ToukoRight.Even with tea there are lots of kinds, with different smell and taste.LainDoes it taste good?ToukoYes.It suits my taste.But I'm not sure about you Lain.If you want to, you can drink a little bit.If it’s not to your taste, I can make something else for you.Here…

Toko: Yaay! Tomorrow I’ll have my first date with Takeshi-san since I came back from America. I’m so excited. I wonder what to wear. I better not wear anything too flashy, or there will be more rumors about me. I haven’t bought many clothes lately. It's hard to go buy clothes at this time of day. I can’t go buy clothes during my date. I can’t do that in front of Takeshi-san. I don’t want him to get a bad impression about me.
Toko: Today I met my first client. She is a 12 year old girl named Lain. I was uneasy at first because I didn’t understand why Professor Takashima assigned me someone so young. But as soon as I saw Lain’s face, I felt at ease. I suppose it was because she was cute. Hmm. I had an unusual feeling around her. Anyhow, even if she is very young, she is my client. It seems that she is troubled by auditory and visual hallucinations and feels psychologically unstable. Could she be having trouble at home? Could she be forming an image of herself from experiences in early childhood? I hope I can help her. I hope she will open up to me. I’ll try my best.
Touko:For the upcoming Golden Week I’ll be able to take a few days away from work. I haven’t had much rest since I returned from America. I’m happy about the break. I’ve been stressed so much since I started working in the laboratory. I’d like to spend the time with Takeshi-san. I don't need to go traveling with him. I just want to be around him. I want some comfort. Am I being selfish?
Toko: She hasn’t had any significant problems from the time of birth. Even at this point, she doesn’t have any bad habits or problems with truancy. She does not seem to have a troubled history. Of course, at this research center, accompanying illnesses must be treated. I wanted to ask her about her illness history when I started counseling her, but she was very shy. I decided that I would try to get her to open up.
Toko: Concerning diagnosis: The client lives in a nuclear family with her mother and father. Both parents are middle to upper class and financially well-to-do. The parents have a stable relationship. They do not seem to have mental health problems. Concerning family history of illness, according to the parents as well as the database at our center, there was no neurosis, mental illness, suicidality or consanguineous marriage in her family.
ToukoCould you turn off the lights? It’s too bright in here.
Lain:I want to be tender to you.

Touko:Could you eliminate that someone inside of you?
Lain:What are you worried about?
Toko: I’ve been here 6 months, and Professor Takashima still won’t send clients my way. He gives me this nonsense about how there aren’t any clients that would be a good fit for me. Such lies. He just wants to use me for petty tasks. I didn’t come here to be his secretary. I hate this. Ahh! I don’t like that middle-aged old man!
Toko: Hmm. As always, a research room is a strenuous place to be. Even though I’ve passed the test, I’m treated like I don't qualify as a counselor. I don’t care for Professor Takashima. He won’t send clients my way. He leaves me with a lot of menial tasks instead. He probably says to himself, “the girl who went to America can’t do anything.” That makes me really frustrated, Takeshi-san. If I were a man, I would get recognition sooner. My study abroad doesn’t seem to count for much. It’s no time to be worked up about Professor Takashima’s little chores. I will get recognized.
Lain:It's because you are tired. You had better get some sleep.
Lain:Cross my heart and hope to die...
Lain:Would you like tea?
Lain:You want to be the same? Whom are you comparing with?
Lain:You are different from other people… …so what?
Toko: I wonder if some of those nasty prejudicial rumors will stop now. Silly me. It isn’t that I’ve been trying to change people’s point of view. Why should I be worried? Anyway, I can start my research now. I have to try really hard starting now.
Toko: Takeshi-san! I just passed my test to become a counselor. I’m so relieved. It’s stupid that I have to pass a second test in Japan. Still, I wanted to let everybody know that I passed. I wrote Takeshi-san an e-mail all about it. I wonder if he is happy for me. I wonder if he will call me. I sure wish he would.
Toko: I received a phone call from Harumi today. I don’t hear from her often. I was surprised to hear from her. She’s a bit lazy about making phone calls. But I was really surprised when Harumi told me that she was getting married. She always used to say how she just broke up with a guy and felt like she just wanted to die, or that she wanted to have a guy introduced to her. She calls so infrequently. I was wondering why she called, and it was about marriage. I felt sort of relieved and slightly shocked. But when a woman is 26 years old, it’s not odd for her to be married or to have children. Ohh! Now I’m feeling jealous. That’s ok. When I go to the wedding, I’ll introduce Takeshi-san and make her jealous. Maybe I’ll get married soon, too. I'll call Takeshi-san tomorrow.
Touko:Do you feel like running? So did I.
LainKyoko, you don’t look too good.I can’t do anything for you… I’m so sorry Kyoko…KyokoNakahara turned me down. He has another girl who he has a crush on…LainKyoko…KyokoI’m too stupid. He likes the quiet girl with short hair.I wish I were like Lain…LainNo! You are far cuter than I am, and you are popular in our class.KyokoThose are useless if he doesn’t like them.You can’t understand my feeling!That’s enough! I’m miserable…LainKyoko…
Touko:I can really feel you. Truly?
Toko:Come close to me. I want you to feel me.
Toko: Today I met with Kanako, one of my “naughty” friends from college. Good going, Toko! I thought of taking her to Harumi’s wedding, but she said that she might not be able to because she is busy with work. How unfeeling! I haven’t seen Kanako since I left for America, so I really wanted to get together with her. Kanako asked if my birthday will be coming up soon. She’s right. They say that things go fast for a woman once she’s past twenty years old. How true. I’m already 27. Harumi will get married in September. I wonder what Takeshi-san is thinking. What will I do for my birthday this year? Ahh! Maybe I will propose to him! But then again, no.
Toko: I’ve felt poorly all day today. Why do the Japanese like to spread rumors? I was surprised to learn that people know I’m going out with Takeshi-san. I wish they would stop whispering behind my back. For my coworkers to hear things and imagine what might be happening is one thing, but to spread concocted stories about me like they are facts is sickening. They say, “Oh, those two must be having a lot of fun in bed,” or “she must be tired of having sex with foreigners.” You don’t have to talk like that just because you’re in the restroom. Most of those people spreading rumors are probably from the 2nd floor. What stupid talk. I’m sure it makes them happy, though. Ahhhh! It makes me so mad! Now I know why everybody looks at me funny. If you want to know about my business, face me and ask me about it. But instead you talk about this stuff for everyone to hear. Why the hell are you working in a medical research center? Do what you’re here to do. Takeshi-san told me not to mind it. I can’t forgive these people, though. Agh! I feel like wringing their necks! What gives? I can’t stay angry at these people forever. But I feel rotten today. I wish Takeshi-san were here right now. But I suppose it would just be a nuisance if I go to him with all this. I know he’s very busy now. I wonder if he knows that all these rumors going around. Maybe he’s feeling lousy, too.
Toko: Ha, ha. Today I was able to spend the entire day with Takeshi-san like I haven’t for the longest time. I’m so happy. I really, really like him. Takeshi-san’s research center has its own share of cliques and rivalry and it must be hard for him, but he just stayed quiet and listened to me. When I see his big smile that seems to surround me completely, I feel so much better. I’m so simple-minded. I’m the one who does the purring, though. Sometimes I want Takeshi-san to purr around me, too. Even if he wants to, maybe he can’t depend on me for that right now. I’m going to work hard so that I can become Takeshi-san’s exclusive counselor! Hee, hee.
KyokoHey, Lain. Do you think that you’re a special person?LainSpecial?KyokoEveryone says, “Lain is not a normal girl” and “Isn’t she dangerous?”I’ve known you since we were children, so I say to them “No, she is normal.”Also, I’m a little similar to you.It makes me sad that I’m not special like other people!LainDo you think so? I don’t care if I’m an ordinary person.
Lain:It's amazing! I couldn't do that.
Lain:I won't let you be alone.
Toko: Agh! At a time like this I want to have a drink and forget about everything! I have a big test coming up and I can’t get tied up with all this stuff. I can’t let those jerks get to me. I’ll talk with Takeshi-san about this after the tests. Until then I’ll just have to bear with this. Good night, Takeshi-san.
Toko: You can’t be sluggish, Toko. I have to work hard and get moving at a good speed. Everyone is indifferent about me anyway. I don’t care if I don’t become super-prestigious. I want to do the kind of work that I can be proud of. That way, good results are sure to follow. Takeshi-san will be with me, too, so I have nothing to worry about. It’s too bad that Takeshi-san’s research center is in a different building, but next week I’ll have a date with him! I’m going to purr around him.
Touko:Welcome home, Touko. I’m so tired today. I don’t like the air in Japanese research centers. Why do Japanese research centers have this sort of feel? The people entirely lack a critical mentality, and they are lazy. They give you a prejudicial glare when you mention that you just returned from studying abroad. I wish they would cut it out. Research centers in America weren’t like this. I suppose they think I was able to study abroad because my dad has connections. Everybody is so icy here. When I was in grade school, we were so welcoming of kids transferring from other schools. Maybe we change when we grow up. This makes me depressed, but it’s what I have to face now. I can’t live like I did in America forever. If I do what I’m supposed to do, people will give me credit eventually. Ok, Touko? Soon I’ll have my examination to become a counselor. Until I finish that exam, I’ll have to bear with things the best I can.
Toko: I’m home! I’m back in Japan after 5 years. Hee, hee. Japan is great. Living in America was good, but I feel at ease being back home. I’m a tad scared, though. When you come home after being away for so long, you start to feel singled out. I remember being insecure in junior high school, too. I would be tardy for school and Mom scolded me. Five years sure went fast. I had no time to be homesick. But you worked really hard, didn't you, Toko? Study, study, study. But I made good friends and there were good times and bad times too. I had romance that didn’t work out, but I had romance that worked out, too. Looking back, I wonder what about me improved the most. Hee, hee. I’m ok, I’m ok! Have self-confidence and fight, Toko! I start working at the research center tomorrow. I want to end all my worries to end today. When I go to the research center tomorrow, I might see Takeshi-san.
KyokoI hope something great will happen like in a movie.Many people will get killed, but I don’t die.And I resolve it with a very cool detective.For that, I’ll be a big star!!!Sorry… I’m saying such strange things.Hey, don’t look at me with such cold eyes…LainMy eyes are always like this…KyokoWhat? Are you trying to make me laugh?LainDid I fail?KyokoAha, ha, ha, yes, you failed!It’s just like you to say something like that.
Touko:Is sameness good? I am being compared to someone.
Lain:Tired? Why don't you take a rest?
Lain:Good morning.
Toko: Today I cleaned my room to prepare leaving for Japan. I have so many memories and photos. They’re all treasures to me. I can’t take everything with me, though, so I talked to Mary about selling them in a flea market. Mary seemed a bit sad, too. Don’t worry, Mary. I’m going to give everything my best in Japan.
Toko: I got a letter from Takeshi-san. He said, “Let’s celebrate your graduation when you return to Japan.” I’m so happy! Takeshi-san is working hard at his research center. I’ve been sad about him being away for a long time now, but that’s embarrassing. Takeshi-san is working so hard. I have to work hard, too. I have to work hard and do research, and become a good researcher that others will be impressed by. I want to go home to Japan soon. Takeshi-san will be waiting for me there.
Lain:Steady on.
KyokoWhat do you do to kill time?LainCleaning…?KyokoOh, you’re tidy.LainI have a trouble because I have many unnecessary things in my room.KyokoYeah, my room is like that. I often go impulse shopping, so I have lots of lipstick I don’t use.How about trading makeup and accessories?But… Lain, you don’t use makeup.Are you using the lipstick we bought together?LainNo…KyokoYou should use a little makeup. I think it suits you!
Touko:I am not going to let you be alone.
Lain:Goodbye.
Touko:I hate being alone.
Touko:Look at me.
Lain:Look at me.
Toko: Takeshi-san went home to Japan today. I didn’t know what to talk about on the way to the airport. I was looking for words. Did I make him feel uncomfortable? But Takeshi-san is a gentle guy. He didn’t say anything. He just held my hand. He said that he’ll be waiting for me in Japan. That’s right. I’ll see him again soon.
Toko: Hmmm. Next month. Takeshi-san will return to Japan then. He said that he’ll celebrate my birthday with me because it will be before he leaves. But knowing that he will leave bums me out. When I go to the airport, I’ll want to cry.

KyokoLain, do you have a crush on anyone?LainNo… not really…LainHow about you?KyokoI love Nakahara in Class 3. He looks cool.KyokoI will try to get along with him.LainI hope it works out…
Lain:It's fun to be alive, isn't it?
Lain:What is it that you dislike?
Lain:Only play with me.
Toko: The year is nearly over. Takeshi-san will return to Japan early next year. I won’t go back until I graduate, so I won’t see him for 3 months. I haven’t been away from him for a long time, so I feel a tad worried. I wonder if he is ok. But the good news is that I’ll work with him at the same research center in Japan next year. I’m going to try to enjoy the rest of my time here as a student. At the end of year there will be New Year’s Eve, and plenty of fun events taking place!
Toko: Today I took a walk with Takeshi-san along the Charles River. I reflected on the four years that I’ve spent here. At first I was elated, but things were tough until I met Takeshi-san. I think I’ve changed a lot since I met him. I suppose it wasn’t time for romance, but being alone was a downer. When you feel down you want someone to be around you. Bu it doesn’t mean that you ought to seek out a boyfriend thoughtlessly just because you’re feeling sad. I’ve gotten my feelings hurt a few times that way. But Takeshi-san is different. I feel safe just being with him. I think it’s the first time I’ve felt this way. Next year Takeshi-san will return to Japan and enter a research center there. What will happen to me? I would love to work in the same research center as Takeshi-san.
KyokoHey, why don’t you walk home with me? Let’s hang out on the way there!LainSure… if you want to…KyokoI want to buy lipstick!LainTeacher will scold you for using lipstick again…KyokoLain… you are too stiff. Lets both use it! I think it will look good on you.LainNo… It’s needless for me. It’s no use for me to try to be cute.KyokoYou should have confidence in yourself! I think you are cute! So… come shopping with me.LainOk…
Lain:I don't want to be alone.
Lain:I want to drink milk.
Toko: Hmm. It’s almost Halloween again. It’ll be my last Halloween here. Halloween surprised me at first. People would walk around in costumes day and night, having lunch and shopping as if everything was as usual. People would come out in frightening costumes at night. I used to go out in a costume with my college friends too. I think Takeshi-san isn’t into that kind of thing. I’ve never seen him in a costume. It would be fun if we could go out in costumes together. I wonder what kind of costume I’ll wear this year. When I see Jack-o-lanterns on Halloween night, I sometimes wish I could just stay here and live with Takeshi-san. Hee, hee.
Toko: There will be a party at a friend’s home tomorrow, so I made an apple pie. When I gave Takeshi-san a slice, he said that with a pie as sweet as the one I made, everyone aside from himself at the party would enjoy it. He said that my baking had become Americanized. It’s true that compared to the cakes and pies in America, Japanese desserts are usually much less sweet. At first I didn’t bake things this sweet. But now, I feel that unless I make my desserts sweet, they would be unsatisfactory. If I get used to all this sweet stuff, I won’t want to eat pastries when I return to Japan. If I don’t cool it I could get fat and Takeshi-san won’t like me. I’ll have to start another diet tomorrow! Hee, hee.

Toko: Today was so cool that I couldn’t believe that it was mid-summer. I suppose it’s sticky and uncomfortable in Japan right now. But why am I thinking about Japan all of a sudden?
Toko: When this summer vacation is over I’ll graduate. I’m a bit happy and a bit sad. Takeshi-san will be returning to Japan one step ahead of me. I guess that can’t be helped. He’s a brilliant guy. The people at the sponsoring research center wants to give him a new project as soon as possible. Ahh, shucks! I’m just jealous of him. I would love to start my own research soon. Mmm. But I have to graduate first. It’s too bad though, because I wanted to be with Takeshi-san until the graduation ceremony.























Girl: I don’t know. I don’t care about the test. I know that the world will come to an end. I could forget about studying and do what I feel like doing.Man: Look at your stupid face! Anyone who mocks me is a stupid asshole!Toko: But I can only see him. Lain.Man: It is your lofty willpower. I know about you. No. I must die.
...
Man’s voice:You are all a clump. A clump that doesn’t exist. I eat the flesh of humans and shed blood. Look at your moronic face! Everyone who mocks me is a stupid asshole! Look, your construction is nearly complete…Oh, I want to laugh right now…did someone enter this room?
Girl’s voice:I believed it. I thought you were terrible, Lain. But he likes you more than me. I didn’t know why he liked you and not me. Lain, you don’t really care if he likes you or not, do you?
Man’s voice:I ceased to exist again, today. I was so sure that I was me when I woke up. Somehow, something seems to have fallen. I remember becoming sleepy, sitting in the dark and looking around. When he fell asleep, I awoke. I took the sheets off my shoulders, and noticed blood on my hands. The floor was covered in a sea of blood. There was something written on my computer.
Man’s voice:The woman you walked past at the intersection today is my clone. I can understand because I grew her from a tissue. She is me. She probably has noticed. I understand. If only we knew this about each other, this world would be…
Man’s voice:You are a chosen fighter. Fight with me. The only thing that can change this world is your lofty willpower. I know about you. No. I must die. Because you seek after me.
Woman’s voice:I don’t know! I don’t care about the test anyway. If I knew that the world would end today, I would forget about study and just do what I felt like doing.
Woman’s voice:But I can only see him. Lain…die.
Girl:Say, do you like me? If you do, come to my new URL site.
