If you want to be free of suffering, you should believe in God.
Whether or not you believe in Him, God is always by your side.
On July 4, 1947, a strange craft crashed in the desert in New Mexico, America.
What it was has yet to be proven.
Conjecture has become fact, and rumor has become history.
Who's there?
In 1984, a manila envelope arrived at the home of TV producer Jaime Shandera.
The envelope, from an anonymous source, contained a roll of undeveloped film.
The film contained what is called the MJ-12 Document.
Roscoe Hillenkoetter, head of the CIA at the time of the Roswell Incident,
was at the top of the list of 12 members.
It stated that these men concluded a secret treaty with extraterrestrials
as a special organization answerable only to the president.
It is now accepted that President Truman's signature on the document
was in fact copied carefully from another document.
Named as a member of MJ-12 was Vannevar Bush,
head of MIT's Department of Electrical Engineering.
Connect to Wired.
How could I turn something that did happen into something that didn't?
Are you Lain? I see, I see...
I don't know you.
But you know me...
The flow of information doesn't always go both ways.
Since the moment of the Wired's creation, you have always been here.
Here, you are free.
I'm trying to tell you that that's not me!
I suppose.
How long have we been here, then?
At the very least, we cannot have been here since this world was created.
That has nothing to do with it!
If a being is remembered, that proves that it's part of a record!
That's preposterous.
How old do you think this "Lain" girl is? She's still a child!
Let's not worry about me now, okay? I...
The MEMEX memory expansion concept unveiled by Vannevar Bush in 1945
was a system whereby information recorded on microfilm
was projected onto a translucent screen.
What he envisioned was the compression and rapid access of information.
Even before the advent of computers,
Bush had already created the basis for our current multimedia
while he led the Manhattan Project atom bomb experiments.
You forgot this.
You forgot this on the floor here yesterday.
If you don't need it, I'll toss it.
I left that here?
That's what I'm sayin'.
Conducting sensory deprivation experiments using
Native American narcotics and isolation tanks to probe the human unconscious,
John C. Lilly believed his experiments connected him to cosmic entities
by way of a communication network.
Lilly dubbed the beings that guided him E.C.C.O.,
Earth Coincidence Control Office.
Afterwards, Lilly began work on communication with dolphins.
Dolphins are creatures which are able to conduct
wide-range networking in the water via ultrasonic waves.
What?
You promised me earlier.
Promised what?
That you'd go out with me.
You said you'd go out with me!
W-What're you talking about?
Taro, is that true?
Did I?
You didn't! You didn't!
Even if I did, you aren't the you I want to go out with right now, Lain.
Taro, you moron!
We're the same. I'm me. I'm the only me.
Awesome!
I can't believe you put together something like this!
Oh, okay! This syncs up the parallel processors!
It's not pretty, but you can keep on expanding it this way.
What're you using as coolant?
Taro...
Is this liquid carbon?
Sit down over there.
Damn...
I think you know what this is.
It's you, isn't it, Taro?
You're with the Knights, aren't you?
You're... the real Lain.
I don't know whether or not there's another me in the Wired.
But there's definitely no other me here in the real world.
The other one with a body has only appeared in the club.
You only need to manipulate the memories of the people there, right?
I... I can't...
Play track 44.
It's almost over, isn't it?
Finally.
So while we still can, we should...
Roger.
Now communicating.
Stop.
It's not me!
But I knew the data coming into JJ's place had this kind of effect.
If I had installed this chip, what would've happened to me?
Would I have killed myself? Gone insane?
I said I don't know!
There's no way a kid like me could be a formal Knights member!
I'm just a...
I wonder what this will do?
I-It's non-volatile memory! It'll overwrite existing memories!
What kind of memories?
I-I don't know.
The Knights aren't just ordinary crackers, Lain.
There's something strange about you. That's for sure.
That's why the Knights are so interested.
The Knights are users who are fighting
to make the only truth there is into a reality.
I don't understand. What do you mean, "one truth"?
Like I said, I'm not a formal Knights member.
They never explained it to me.
But it's true. The truth has power because it's the truth.
And because it's the truth, that makes it just.
It's persuasive, isn't it? Don't you want truth like that?
I'm going.
Myu-Myu is jealous of you.
Taro? Thank you.
You...
Hey, this is a date, you know? I'm a guy. I had to do that.
Ted Nelson, who studied under the two cult pioneers
Vannevar Bush and John C. Lilly,
proposed a giant electronic library in satellites in stationary orbit
which could be used at any terminal on Earth via radio or phone lines.
He called this concept that would make this database "Xanadu."
The Mongolian utopia where all written cultures would never be lost.
This was Xanadu.
It was the concept of Hypertext that would make it real,
and Ted Nelson's name would go down in history as its originator.
Hello, Navi.
Click, click... Memory check...
Click, click...
Click, click...
That's... That's me?
Yes. This is me.
Then who are they?
I'm you, so I wouldn't know.
This is a lie.
It's a lie. It's all a lie.
Why are you doing this?
The Earth has its own specific electromagnetic waves.
Between the ionosphere and the Earth's surface,
there is a constant resonance at a frequency of 8Hz in the ELF band.
This is called the Schumann Resonance.
The extent of the effect on humans of these "Earth Brain Waves"
that the planet constantly gives off remains unknown.
The Earth's human population is approaching
the number of neurons in the brain.
Douglas Rushkoff proposes that the consciousness of the Earth itself
might be awakened when all humans on Earth become collectively networked.
The network's evolution would follow a neural model,
and just as neurons within the human brain are connected by synapses,
the Earth itself would become a neural network.
There is only one truth. God.
Yes. Me.
Eiri Masami, Chief Researcher at Tachibana General Labs,
further developed the hypothesis of a worldwide neural network.
His hypothesis proposed a wireless network whereby all humanity
would be plugged in at an unconscious level without the need for any device.
Furthermore, he encoded the Schumann Resonance Factor
and inserted it into the 7th-gen Wired Protocol on his own initiative.
Upon discovering this, Tachibana General Labs dismissed Eiri.
One week later, Eiri Masami's body was found on the Yamanote train line.
